Tim Sackton: So so just to set the scene. Oh, here, let me let me get some music going.
Tim Sackton: So so you are currently standing
Tim Sackton: in the spadrum.
Tim Sackton:  a
Tim Sackton: what was once, long ago like hundreds of years ago, the the master bedroom suite of this Ferdolli family that built this manor.
Tim Sackton: but much more recently, apparently, was occupied by pirates. and from the ghost of the pirate captain you learned that the pirates had excavated a
Tim Sackton: a secret hideout underneath the manor.
Tim Sackton: and this has now been taken over as Grimstone's lair.
Tim Sackton: after some
very clever deception from
Tim Sackton: Got in convincing the pirate that you, in fact, were his lost love.
Tim Sackton:  What was her name? Pertola? He revealed that Grimstone comes up and down this trap door once a week when he goes to petrify his victims.
Tim Sackton: and had been attending or encouraging, telling this ghost that he would bring news of. Yes. woman he lost
Tim Sackton: never did until you pretended to be her, and he turned angrily against. yeah, that was awesome. Yes, that was a very clever bit of
Tim Sackton:  role playing there.
Tim Sackton: So you're now staring down into this dark
Tim Sackton: pet with a 10 foot ladder that drops down to a stone room below
Tim Sackton: the ghost. who said he can't leave this room.
Tim Sackton: He's tied here by the curse that has left him bound to this world, but angrily encouraging you to go find the betrayer who's lied
Tim Sackton: and slaughter him
Tim Sackton: so
Tim Sackton: with that you can jump in the hole.
John L: you can retreat.
Dylan: Was there any objections to stolen ahead
Phil Grayson: can always retreat later? Maybe it does.
Dylan: What if it's safer in there, you know, like we could make a another another
Tim Sackton: secret bookcase with a safe place behind it. It's certainly possible
Phil Grayson: dime a dozen in this manner.
Dylan: Yes.
Tim Sackton:  you.
So you jumped down into the bulk hole.
Tim Sackton: This is the room that's there's a ladder that goes down. It drops down about 10 feet into a small square room, maybe 20 foot by 20 foot, made of stone.
Tim Sackton: There is
Tim Sackton: in the north wall, the the like nicely laid
Tim Sackton: masonry of the wall has been smashed open. And there's just this
app.
Tim Sackton: this rough hole in the wall that leads to like a circular tunnel that's been excavated in
from the dirt going into the darkness.
No other apparent entrances or exits from this room.
Sara/Loria (she/her): can we? Investigate the
Sara/Loria (she/her): room? See if there's any sort of
anything that might not be obvious.
Sure.
Tim Sackton: Look around, spend spend a few minutes searching before you proceed.
go ahead and make pick 2 of you to make either a perception or investigation. Check the lead searchers.
I'm pretty perceptive, but I'm not super.
Phil Grayson: I forgot investigation.
Okay.
13 for perception. or, again, for investigation.
Tim Sackton: Just get those out of the way. Now.
Tim Sackton:  There's there's no signs of exits from this room besides the hole that's been smashed in the wall. One thing that does seem clear is this, I mean this
Tim Sackton: manner, this construction. The nicely laid masonry, was like the same style of construction as the rest of the manor that you've seen. This was probably like a
Tim Sackton: a much older vocal constructed by the original occupants of the manor and the
wall that's been smashed open on the north side is newer, not super new. but certainly newer.
Tim Sackton: There's evidence that this has been. This phone call has been looted like you can see that there's
Tim Sackton: a corner of the room where there's like a faded
Tim Sackton: square marking, where, like a wooden chest sat for a super long time, but it's been removed
quite some time ago.
otherwise nothing which to find here.
John L: There's still some light shining down from the room above.
Are you ready to move forward?
Sara/Loria (she/her): Think so?
Tim Sackton: So? Who's who's taking her to lead?
John L: Slowly and quietly. Maybe
Tim Sackton: this is this is a narrow corridor. It's like a 5 foot wide
corridor. So what order are you? And are you walking in? Does the dog have like? I can't imagine mechanical dog smells all that. Well.
Dylan:  Oh, cause you know how sometimes like a pit has like advantage on like I honest, I don't see it on the step blocks. I I'm I'm just trying to suggest that we want. It's not bad. No, for sure. Why, we can. We can let take a sort of lead cause
Dylan: Sad to say, that the mechanical dog is somewhat expendable compared to the rest of us.
Dylan: We sorry, sir? Alright! It's not darkfish, and
Dylan: yes, and I don't have dark vision. So I imagine we're also going to probably light some sort of watch if the darkness is strong enough, because, you see, there's some light coming through in this original. Yeah. So as soon as you enter this corridor that leads north.
Tim Sackton: this like 5 foot circular
that's been dead out of the earth.
Tim Sackton: It's pitch blackness, there's no light. The light from the trap door doesn't
John L: just illuminates the room that you're in. Ca, I have dark vision if that helps any.
Sara/Loria (she/her): and you too.
Phil Grayson: So dog, first
John L: dog can definitely go first.
Phil Grayson: Is the pop.
Phil Grayson: Yes, the steam cup fully healed at this point, or would you like
Dylan: oh, I mean, if you gave him a minute? He is 17 out of 20 health, so I mean.
Dylan: I thought amending. Don't bother rolling that just oh, yeah, I think it's automatic. Let's just do it. Yeah, okay, quick. A quick mending spell would give the steam pop back to full health.
Dylan:  yeah, like, did we want to torture? Is that dual work? And that's gonna be too alarming or alerting to anything that might be lurking in this dark.
Dylan: because otherwise Sarah myself's characters are gonna be effectively blind. But I mean
Sara/Loria (she/her): and well, we could always split the party.
Dylan: Oh, stop it.
Sara/Loria (she/her): Y'all stand here in the dark. We'll be right back.
Tim Sackton: So dogfirst. Then
Tim Sackton: who's after Stephen?
Phil Grayson: We could do dark vision, no dark vision, dark vision, no dark vision, dark vision, and then we can just kind of guide the folks that can't see.
John L: I'm a little low on health. I'm at 16, so I'll step towards the back.
Sara/Loria (she/her): Yeah, okay, I can go behind steamp.
Phil Grayson: Okay? Then I'll go. I'll go middle
Sara/Loria (she/her): check.
Dylan: I mean, I guess it's me. And then I guess it's
Tim Sackton: yeah. Yeah. Okay.
Tim Sackton: So the wounded warlock is taking up the rear. But he can tug on me violently. Yes. So so the steam Puck begins to slowly lead you down this dark corridor,
Tim Sackton: moving along as as quietly as it as it can.
Phil Grayson: keeping an eye out 50%.
Tim Sackton: And and as you move
Tim Sackton: 1020, 30, 40 feet, suddenly the dog stops short.
Tim Sackton: turns back
Tim Sackton:  and kind of
Tim Sackton: m motions, and so use a scale. Who's in front? Who's can see over the tiny little hop like you notice that there's a giant hole
Tim Sackton: in the middle of the floor
Tim Sackton: of the tunnel.
Phil Grayson: I will relay that back. Is it the entire floor entire floor? How long is the
Phil Grayson: depth of the or not that not the depth, but how far horizontally did they go, for
Tim Sackton: it goes about
Tim Sackton: 10 feet horizontally. and then the corridor turns to the right after the hole.
John L: and how deep's the hole? Can we see the bottom?
Tim Sackton:  a scale? You can see the bottom there. It's about 30 feet to the bottom. It looks like a cavern of some kind that you're looking down into
Dylan: like natural. Look, Doug, like a natural cavern. Yeah.
John L: Hmm.
Dylan: Oh, now, that's
hmm.
Here we go. That's better.
Dylan: Forest jump
Phil Grayson: okay,
Phil Grayson: 10 feet sharp turn. Don't know what's there?
Cavern down 30 feet. Don't know what's there. Correct?
Phil Grayson: I would. I'll turn to everyone else. Say, oh, I could. I could drink this and then fly for a few minutes?  That would probably allow me to at least determine
Phil Grayson: which of these we want to do next. But
Then I can't fly again, so I don't know.
Sara/Loria (she/her): So can you see anything at the bottom of the cavern?
Sara/Loria (she/her): I'll get there like yeah.  was like, so
Tim Sackton: you can. I guess you can squeeze. The. The
funnel is pretty tight.
Tim Sackton: but Laura is pretty small, so I think you can probably squeeze past her and look down over the edge.
Make a perception check
Tim Sackton: and that is gonna have a because it's dim light that's oops. That was a performance check
that the same as perception for you.
Tim Sackton: Sorry they're both minus one.
Tim Sackton: Okay? And because of dim light.
you have minus 5 to perception checks.
Tim Sackton: I mean, it's dark, so it counts as dim light for dark version. So minus 5. So
I mean.
Tim Sackton: there's a there's a cavern floor.  Can't really get a good
Tim Sackton: line on how big the cavern is, but it seems like you know.
from the angle you're looking. It's at least
Tim Sackton: another like 20 feet that extends out 20 feet. Once you reach the floor.
Tim Sackton: otherwise it's hard to say like there's you don't
Tim Sackton: immediately see anything moving on them down below.
There's no
Tim Sackton: no sources of light. There's no torches. There's nothing like glinting, reflecting. It's just dark. Looks like just a kind of flat, gray expanse view.
Hello! Does somebody have a torch?
Sara/Loria (she/her): I do.
I can send Mage hand down, holding the torch.
John L: Get a little better view. So if anything's down there it will, it will. Yeah.
Phil Grayson: I don't mind using my flight here.
Phil Grayson: but maybe with a rope tied around my waist so that you can call me back if I'm swarmed by spiders, or something
sounds practical
Sara/Loria (she/her): that works for me
John L: alright. How long does your flight last 10 min. Oh, so you can like circle the cavern and then fly back up. And
Phil Grayson: yeah, I think II take the corner first to just to see if what's there, and then go down into the cavern. If there isn't something immediately important.
Okay.
Phil Grayson: I swig my potion and I'm flying 10 feet around. Okay.
Tim Sackton: so you wanna fly across the poll first and see where the quarter goes. Yeah, I'll fly across the little gap. Okay, you fly across the gap
Tim Sackton: and follow the corridor, and after this, as you peek around the sharp turn. There's just about 10 feet beyond the sharp turn. There's a just the corridor ends. There's like a pile of rubble. It's like, never been excavated, or this is where they were tossing the dirt
John L: as they were excavating. It just stops.
Okay?
Phil Grayson:  that would take too long. Okay, for now. Well, can I go? Can I go? Just touch the rubble? Make sure it's real?
Tim Sackton: Yeah,
Tim Sackton: it is not an illusion.
Tim Sackton: Feels like real rock. It's I mean.
Tim Sackton: even without much experience in, you know, mining or excavating. It's clear that this is just never.
Tim Sackton: This isn't like a collapse, tunnel or anything. This was never dug out.
Phil Grayson: Okay.
Phil Grayson: I will double back. I'll say that's a dead end.
Phil Grayson: and double, check my rope, and then start slowly drifting down.
Tim Sackton: So as you descend the lip.
Tim Sackton: The first thing you notice is that I do like Spiderman head down first.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: Hanging
Tim Sackton: from the roof of the of the cavern like anchored with bolts into the roof. There's a rope ladder that drops down.
Tim Sackton: It's enough in the shadows that it wasn't immediately obvious from the top. and it would require us a little bit of acrobatic maneuver to climb up to the top, and then like. loop your arms over and pull yourself up the last bit, cause it.
Tim Sackton: It's like offset about a foot from where the actual edge of the
Phil Grayson: Pitt is yeah.
Tim Sackton:  And as you continue down
Tim Sackton: the next thing you see
Tim Sackton: is as you come maybe 20
Tim Sackton: feet down towards the bottom. you see. So the cavern is maybe 50 feet across from end to end.
Tim Sackton: and maybe 20 feet wide from side to side. At the far end.
Tim Sackton:  There is a a passage, looks like a natural, like cave passage. and milling about
Tim Sackton: in this like near where the entrance is. where the or where sorry where the exit from this room is. You see what look like
Tim Sackton: 7 kind of shadowy creatures.
Tim Sackton: shades of some kind kind of pacing back and forth
Tim Sackton: great
Tim Sackton: hint of like, you know, Stellar's coats with high necks and like little pirate taps on their heads.
Tim Sackton: They are they are ghosties, they are ghosty. I mean, they're not ghosts like the guy upstairs was like battery shades. But they're incorporated. Yes, they seem not to have noticed.
Yeah, I will drift back up
Tim Sackton: and
Phil Grayson: let everyone know that we you said, like Sep, several or 7,
Phil Grayson: 7, 5 of them look like pretty weak like you could kill them with one hit.
Phil Grayson: Oh, they're minions. Okay, I said. Well, there's there's 5 minion pirates and 2 decent pirates at the far end that are all ghost the shades.
Phil Grayson: and there's a rope ladder, but you can also just jump if you wanna be cool. totally up to you. I can. I can unhook this thing or
John L: However, we want to do this.
Phil Grayson: do they? Do. I know enough that it wouldn't make sense to try and talk to a shade? Or is there like a
Tim Sackton: potential
Anybody who has Arkana or religion can roll a check?
Dylan: Anybody has proficiency in our economy or religion.
Phil Grayson: Think, though 2 artifices, I think I think both of us have it.
Bye.
Dylan: I am proficient.
Tim Sackton: Okay, make an arcana check
Dylan: poor solita 9 for
Tim Sackton: so so you know, I mean, okay. You know this much. You know that most
Tim Sackton: incorporeal undead can understand the languages that they spoke when they were alive here, and many of them are able to communicate.
Tim Sackton: Whether it makes sense to talk to them.
Tim Sackton: even if they understand you is you just don't know, you know.
Tim Sackton: like
they can probably understand you. They might be able to talk back.
Tim Sackton: What else is going on?
Dylan: Yeah, obvious.
Dylan: Or maybe they don't want to talk. It's kind of
John L: I say, we ambush em.
Phil Grayson: It'll be probably challenging for us to get down the rope ladder and 50 feet across the room without them knowing.
Sara/Loria (she/her): Hmm!
Dylan: I mean, lure them towards us.
Phil Grayson: I could have to splash the weak looking ones from on high in the sky, and then and then fly back or get pulled violently by you all, if you like.
Phil Grayson: but then we're then we're fighting them in a 5 foot wide hallway with a 30 foot drop beside us. I don't know if it's any better for you. That's true. It's true
Dylan: cause that's the this is the only direction we've got. Sorry just to just to reiterate for the other directions. Yes, one was 2020 feet 50 feet shades at the end.
Dylan: Yeah.
Dylan: and and not going down the hall wasn't an option. I'm I'm guessing as well cause that
Dylan: this is the only direction.
Phil Grayson:  I think there's a railroad at the bottom of the cavern as well.
Dylan: does anyone cast? Does anyone cast bright
Dylan: light because
Dylan: any sort of spic? I think I might cast, and like a light spell, because that would either attract them like moths or 2. Would
Dylan: you know.
Dylan: if you're living in the darkness that might give them a bit of a jolt, or something, or some sort of like
Dylan: cause I can cast light on something and have it down there that would allow for 2 of us to see better. Maybe it goes an advantage against things that live in the dark, you know. Maybe they don't see super well in direct sunlight or close to light. Huh?
Phil Grayson: Yeah, if you gave me something I could conceal it in my clothes, hit them with the acid, and then drop it as as I fly back.
Phil Grayson: Then we'd have the light at the bottom.
Phil Grayson: Maybe a couple of them hit, and
Phil Grayson: and then they'd be lured one way or the other, maybe.
Sara/Loria (she/her): Yeah. But Portuguese, right?
Sara/Loria (she/her): Oh, but like this one's bright light cause, I know, like
Dylan: not many gaming, but it's like things that are sensitive to to sunlight as a consensus equivalent of bright light. So
Dylan: I just had that idea like
Dylan: So II don't know. Just give us the opportunity to see. And then if they're gonna float up to us. I don't know. It's kind of at least it's a whole way where we can deal with them one on one kind of thing. But
Sara/Loria (she/her): I have fairy fire, but
Sara/Loria (she/her): outline everyone in light
Phil Grayson: that would be good. Is that your last slot?
Sara/Loria (she/her): Yeah.
Phil Grayson: yeah.
Phil Grayson: is really touch for boss battles.
Sara/Loria (she/her): So we should. Yeah.
Phil Grayson: oh, is like a full spell slot for you, too.
Dylan: I think, putting a light down and see how they react to it, because maybe they're like, Oh, let's talk or like, that that's painful. And then we can keep you.
Phil Grayson: Sure.
Sara/Loria (she/her): Yeah, I'm gonna go to that plan.
Dylan: Do we have just a small May, I can scrub like a rock or something? Yeah, there's plenty of pebbles. Yeah. Yeah.
Dylan:  sorry light. So I like, yeah, I can. I could give
Dylan: Elizabeth Elizabeth folk a
Phil Grayson: bright, a bright rock for the time being, or
Phil Grayson: Paypal down there, too.
Dylan: If you if you decide to throw Nate on? We will. We will back you up. I how do we get down there? I think it's the other thing, cause you're able to fly.
Phil Grayson: There's a rope letter. Yeah.
Dylan: Okay? And so the rope ladder descends. Is it 50 feet down.
Dylan: 30 feet down, 30 feet? 30 feet. Okay
Dylan: in terms of movement, speed and stuff.
Dylan: so half speed while climbing down a ladder. So if you dash, you could get to the bottom in one turn
Dylan: hack.
Dylan: Do we think we could get down there without this these and ghostly dudes seeing us like
Phil Grayson:  I turn to to Gabon, and I say
Phil Grayson: you can cast invisibility right?
John L: Yes.
Phil Grayson: Could
John L: could you make me invisible?
Phil Grayson: I fly to the other end of the room and drop the light to distract them. You all drop the rope ladder and come down and hide. and then
Phil Grayson: we III either attack and fly back, or
Phil Grayson: or just, or or talk to them, and fly back, or or whatever, at that point. But that gets you down, and then we're not crammed into the hallway.
John L: and also not ambushed, I suppose.
Tim Sackton: and
John L: works for me.
Phil Grayson: Is there, Tim? Is there room behind them, or are they like right at a door or something.
Tim Sackton: They're at the far end, the the here let me draw it. It's like
Tim Sackton:  1, 2,
Tim Sackton: this at the top. Here is the
Tim Sackton: exet. The
Tim Sackton: 10 foot hole is like, right about there.
Phil Grayson: Okay.
Phil Grayson: the shades are all at the exit here. Let me
Tim Sackton: put them out.
Dylan: Could spend time making lots of
Dylan: pebbles, because each pebble lasts an hour like The light cantrip lasts an hour on an object so I could get like a bunch of objects, and then we can just go like da
Dylan: pocket pibbles and just like, scare me. Yeah. Scattered them around quite violently. I don't know.
Phil Grayson: Yeah, if there's nothing to. If there's sort of nowhere for me to get behind them to pull them that way than having, you know.
Phil Grayson: 20 of them in a in a little bag that I whip out so that they have have something to look out on that.
Phil Grayson: But I've only got another. Maybe I don't know.
Dylan: 7 min of flying. 5 min of flying, I think. Alright.
Dylan: if we say we do 1010 trips a minute.
Dylan: Yeah. So let's say, 2 min have light doesn't work that way because it ends. If you cast it again. it does. If you touch you, you only have one light at a time.
Dylan: One shiny bit. Don't be good. We can both do magical tinkering to make 3 pebbles that are
Phil Grayson: admitting that's true.
Tim Sackton: 6 pebbles. You can have that one bright and 6. Yeah. Sorry. What was the magical tinkering under your actions? You should have magical tinkering as an option magical object with a magical property.
Dylan: Yeah, we have the tools you can touch a tiny, non-edual object doesn't actually give. She is bright, light and 5 foot. So it's like a light tantrum, but a lot, but like less intense.
Phil Grayson: Yeah, we can also get a static visual effect. So maybe one's one's light. One's like
Phil Grayson: an explosion with no sound.
Dylan: I think we do. Okay, let's have a let's let's just call it a bag of distractions differently. One pimple that's extra light, extra bright. I've made like a an explosion sound a scream and and something that just reeks of cabbage.
Dylan: All mine are light based. I guess I'm all I'm doing the light ones
Phil Grayson: alright. So I'm invisible. I've got a bag of distractions. II unclip the the rope ladder and silently hand it to whoever is going to come down first.
Dylan: I'll come down, because since I'm very upfront, right like I'm the upfront vices that makes sense for me to go down to to I guess someone can. Someone
Dylan: I know I'm not gonna say we should throw the dog
John L: down.
Dylan: But how do
Dylan: he's dog? Wait.
Dylan: ready done! Alright. Plan goes. Well, float down a scale floats down, holding
Tim Sackton: steam. Pop.
John L: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: wow! Dylan hooks the
Tim Sackton: hooks, the ladder. You see now that there's like hooks you can attach it to to make it easier to. It's like coiled up, and you can uncoil it and hook it on the
Tim Sackton: edge so you can climb down.
Tim Sackton: the so you begin to climb down the ladder as a scale floats down
Dylan: and wait. When is the bag of distractions going off as soon as I've got the dog on the ground. I'm gonna take off and go as high and as far as I can, and then drop the distractions on the unsuspecting shades.
Tim Sackton: Cool catchphrase. I don't want them to know it came from me. I'm just gonna be silent up there and have them do their thing.
Tim Sackton: Dylan is not invisible, and you're just climbing down. Okay? So Dylan, make a South Jack as you.
Sara/Loria (she/her): Yeah, I knew you're gonna ask us is not gonna point it out
Dylan: 12. That's not great, but it is.
Tim Sackton: and
Tim Sackton: they're not particularly perceptive. They begin to head down to the bottom.
Tim Sackton: A couple of the shades like drift over in this direction. Kind of looking a little, but not
John L: not having
Tim Sackton: not like paying close attention to what's going on. Looking at this form in the dark, but as you.
Tim Sackton: as you reach the bottom and come into their line of sight, it's pretty impossible you to be hiding at this moment
Tim Sackton: you hear?
This like
Tim Sackton: kind of hoarse voice shouting.
Who goes there?
Dylan: Cool? Huh?
Dylan: bag of distractions? Yes.
Tim Sackton: Okay. Role initiative with advantage.
John L: So once the bag goes off.
John L: then me and Laurie, I just simmer down.
Yeah.
Tim Sackton: yeah. yeah. I mean.
John L: oh, you can snipe from up there. If that's easier.
do I have? And do we have advantage if we're doing range?
Dylan: No, you just have advantage on initiative, because they're quite distracted.
Dylan: you know. 5,
John L: 13
Sara/Loria (she/her): f. 5 for Dylan. 13. What did Lauria roll?
Tim Sackton: Okay, so Dylan's the only one who Dylan was was also distracted by the bag of distractions, I mean, knew it was comic, but when it goes off it was. I wasn't sure how dramatic it was gonna be, but it was. It was screams and smells. And it was a lot.
John L: I mean, and the touch of light. So you all can see them.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, yeah, it's bright enough that you can see now, because you've got a bunch of light. You've got 4 lights on
Tim Sackton: scattered over now. So yes. But Aeska, Loria, and Dowden, I'll get the jump from them.
So you, whenever you'd like to do the 3 of you
Sara/Loria (she/her): who's first
Sara/Loria (she/her): a scales first.
Sara/Loria (she/her): still flying, still invisible, you make as advantage.
Phil Grayson: I assume that the
Phil Grayson: the Lord of the rings looking ones are the minions, the 5, the square ones are the minions. Yup.
Okay, I will.
Phil Grayson: I will drop a
Phil Grayson: and where did it go?
Phil Grayson: I'll drop an acid splash on the the one closest to the door with the 2, 2 next to it.
Phil Grayson: And so oh, I guess I get to choose to. So both of the ones that are get against the wall. And
Phil Grayson: yeah, save yeah.
Tim Sackton:  that's a natural one.
Phil Grayson: That's pretty good
Tim Sackton: and a
Tim Sackton: 12.
Phil Grayson: Okay?
Phil Grayson: So they both fail.
Tim Sackton: Okay?
Phil Grayson: And they're both gonna take 6 acid damage.
Tim Sackton: Okay, So both of them die.
Tim Sackton: That's not quite enough damage to splash over to kill another, the third one. But you do manage to take out 2 of the shades quickly. You are now visible
Phil Grayson: because you cast the spell, I will fly backwards, realizing, no longer invisible. You're up high. I'm like hugging whatever it is the leg down?
Tim Sackton: Gloria's next and then got in.
Sara/Loria (she/her): Okay, I I'm gonna jump and try to hit the ladder to come down.
Sara/Loria (she/her): Do I need to do for that, or are you just? Are you just climbing down normally? Are you trying to like? I'm trying to get down quickly so like I can. Acrobatics check?
Sara/Loria (she/her): Oh, no, it's an 8.
Dylan: No.
Tim Sackton: Okay. You do get down very quickly.
Dylan: Okay.
Sara/Loria (she/her): Oof, all right you are. You are right here you missed the ladder
Sara/Loria (she/her): do I still have? Because that's
Sara/Loria (she/her): that would be movement and bonus? Right? So I can still do something you can. Yup poorly. First of all you have to stand up, which takes 50 feet of movement, but then you still have 5 feet of movement left perfect, so I will take my 5 feet.
Sara/Loria (she/her): and then I will attack the shade. Closest me with my short swords.
Tim Sackton: Okay, the the menu, and are the
Sara/Loria (she/her): oh, sorry. I was gonna go for the Minion
Sara/Loria (she/her): 22 to hit. That hits
Tim Sackton: wasn't the most graceful entry, but, like landing at the end
Tim Sackton: you can add your
Sara/Loria (she/her): short sword, and then
Sara/Loria (she/her):  Or for this morning. my little bird.
Tim Sackton: that is enough damage. So as you stab through with your short sword, and your birds follow through
Tim Sackton: and swarm the shade next to next to them, killing the second shade as well.
Tim Sackton: and say, you used your bonus action on your acrobatic move. So no bonus action attacks. But as your turn.
Tim Sackton: Gareth, and you're up
John L: so
John L: I can be up top like if I'm would I be like here if I didn't go down the ladder.
Tim Sackton: If you didn't go down the ladder you're like anywhere around the top of this this hole. Here.
John L: Eldridge
John L: Mini minion
Tim Sackton: make an attack all.
Tim Sackton: Yep, that's gonna hit
Tim Sackton:  that kills that. You would have killed another. But there's no more minions left to kill.
Tim Sackton: So with that blast you knock out the last of the minions
Tim Sackton: as the 2 shadows now close in on Lauria.
Tim Sackton: This is not supposed to happen in distraction and annoyance.
Tim Sackton: Oh. no intruders!
Tim Sackton:  As one reaches out with its freezing cold hand.
Tim Sackton: That's a that's a 21 that's gonna hit you.
John L: How do you take
Tim Sackton: 8 points of cold damage
Tim Sackton: and your dexterity score is reduced by 2 until you take a short or long rest.
Sara/Loria (she/her): Oh, we think about short rest after this short rest. X is definitely
Sara/Loria (she/her): very long.
Tim Sackton: Yeah. The second one
Tim Sackton: was a 10 to hit, which I think will mess.
John L: Where's the second one. Sorry
Tim Sackton: there's the 2 of them are right next to each other here here.
Oh, for Summary's like they are the ones coming up this week.
Tim Sackton:  Dylan, distracted by
Tim Sackton: bag of distraction, now finally shakes it off and gets to do something
Dylan: I like how I was supposed to be the front line fighter, and then just let someone fall in front, and
Dylan: I lit my pop notes. attack! They attack the ghosts. I feel like he knows what that means.
Dylan: cause. I think that whether they can be attacked by the dog is a whole nother question.
But I'll attack
Dylan: The one is not coming up on my overall. 20, but the one right next to
Tim Sackton: right there.
Dylan: Yep, yeah. Yep, yep.
I'll tack that one. Let's see.
Tim Sackton: Okay, yes, I think I think they'll hit
Dylan: So it's 2D. 8 plus 4, and this is my infused weapon as well. So have them
Dylan: magical trait. Yep.
just in case.
So it's 2D 8. So I'm just gonna click twice. One look that was rough.
Dylan: That was also kind of rough. As damage goes.
Dylan: Damn 7 damage on the
Tim Sackton: still enough to pretty badly wound up. It's definitely blow half health with that hair, and then and the dog.
Dylan: I think he's just gonna go for the closest one that he can get to. So probably the other one.
Dylan: it's attack. Damage is force damage. It doesn't say it. Yep. yeah, but I don't know if that means magical or not, but you can
Tim Sackton: all all for all, non bludgeoning, slashing, piercing. It's always counts as magical, but he's not gonna so that's not no important.
Tim Sackton: But as Dylan turn a scal, you see the shade these 2 shadows closing in on Loria below you.
Phil Grayson: I'll rinse and repeat the acid splash from on
Tim Sackton: 12 and 8. So I'll go for the bail again.
Phil Grayson: Only 2 acid damage each this time, though.
Tim Sackton: Okay?
Phil Grayson: And
Phil Grayson: yeah, I think I'm I'm good, like
Tim Sackton: I get to fly this combat. I won't get to fly the next one. I'm hanging out. Okay, stay out of danger. Lauria, and then garden.
Sara/Loria (she/her): Yeah, I'm gonna go for the
Sara/Loria (she/her): The shade that I can reach with my short sword first.
Sara/Loria (she/her): 17.
Tim Sackton: Got it. It's actually only
Sara/Loria (she/her): oh, you adjusted your next area already. I did. Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Okay, 6, damage
Tim Sackton: and roll your swarm.
Sara/Loria (she/her): Okay, it's still alive, because your store doesn't really seem to hurt it as much as you would expect.
Sara/Loria (she/her): But what kind of damage does your swarm do? Is it the same as the swarm is.
Sara/Loria (she/her): It's the same as it's piercing damage. Okay? But you can't reduce damage to 0. So that still counts. Okay?
Sara/Loria (she/her): And then second, attack my second attack with the second short sword. Because
Sara/Loria (she/her): alright. Now it's 30, 20.
Tim Sackton: Got it?
Sara/Loria (she/her): Damage? Yeah, that kills it.
Tim Sackton: Get your revenge, as the shade dissipates
Tim Sackton:  to a second sorrow. As Gordon, you look down and see now only one shade remaining.
John L: so I lock eyes with it. And, Eldridge, blast
you got it?
Tim Sackton: 18 that hits
Tim Sackton: that was another to hit, not your image.
Tim Sackton: although that would have been a better to hit roll.
That's a good damage roll that is enough to kill it.
Tim Sackton: So the second shadow dissipates as
Tim Sackton: a blast from
Tim Sackton: got in high above smacks into it, and like puff of smoke.
vanishes.
Tim Sackton: and you look around now, the light from your bag of distraction, now revealing the scene of the cavern, and everything is like scorched and black, you see, like these. 7 skeletons, like all like black.
Tim Sackton: burned like they were burned to a crisp
Tim Sackton: you see just like it looks like fire would just port into this entire room like somebody stood up above and just cast a few fireballs down there. But long ago. This isn't fresh. This is
very old.
Phil Grayson: II was like.
Phil Grayson: I'm like, damn! I was joking about jumping down. That's crazy.
Sara/Loria (she/her): clutching my ribs. Kind of hold place. Are we gonna do a short rest, I assume? Yes, I think I think lauriel needs
Sara/Loria (she/her): do we have the capacity to short rest in the storyline like, I feel like we're in a fire scorched cavern
John L: with one eager like one way in, like we could kind of
John L: just short rest of the 5 h
Dylan: it could be 1 h. Yeah, yeah, I think a long race has to be longer than 8 h. Yeah, I think a short race is up to 4. If I'm not mistaken. Yeah. So we could. We could go here, or we could just like go back upstairs and show him the dead end around the corner for an hour, and then
Dylan: cause they don't put out there.
Sara/Loria (she/her): They're gonna check a dead end, especially if it's around a corner. Yeah, I prefer dead end rest than getting into the fire cab
John L: that works for me, too.
Sara/Loria (she/her): Oh, thank God.
Tim Sackton: that is easy enough to arrange.
Dylan:  nothing, nothing to loot from these shades. They just do. You wanna search you wanna search the cavern before you short rest or after you show. I mean, the shades just disappear. But obviously this.
Tim Sackton: the burned skeletons were their bodies at 1 point.
Phil Grayson: Yeah, I'm gonna go touch everything. Because if we're going to short rest, I want to pop those traps and then and then use my. Now we're thinking now the door. I'm not touching the door yet. Yeah, yeah.
Dylan: I'm I'm I'm with them. a scale. Make an investigation check, or both of you making this
Dylan: good for me.
Phil Grayson: I'm not so good this time.
Tim Sackton: 24, a scout, you know.
Tim Sackton: You don't find anything. I was looking up on the ceiling, and I was just like, Why is there should be stuff up here. I don't get it. You've you've never flown before. This is the first time you've ever done it, and it's just a really like you're still riding that high
Tim Sackton: flying in the air. If the explosion blew stuff up, it should be here right.
Tim Sackton: However. Dylan.
Tim Sackton: you managed to do to uncover a few things.
Tim Sackton:  you find a
Tim Sackton: well. it's probably not that useful, but there is like a melted clump of
Tim Sackton: short swords, just like probably 3 of them that are all like twisted and melted, but might be more useful, is like this.  Underneath one of the skeletons. It's like a weird sort of shimmering, melted
Tim Sackton: ingot of like silver, with a few little lines of gold through it.
Tim Sackton: like somebody's purse got melted by an intense fire. But it's like, you know
Tim Sackton: a a good pound. It's a decent amount of silver, and maybe there's a way you could
Tim Sackton: get the gold out somehow might be worth a little bit more than a pound of silver would be normally
Tim Sackton: Otherwise everything is burned. You do manage to
Tim Sackton: kind of get a sense of the of what happened here as well, just from the how high you roll.
Tim Sackton: which is that
Tim Sackton: like? These were presumably the just from the skeleton, from like little bits of of armor that's remained from the melted bits of the swords.
Tim Sackton:  These are probably pirates, like from the same as the captain up above. Who made this lair their lair here 30 or 40 years ago.
Tim Sackton: How? How far from the coast up.
Dylan: Mike, is this out?
Tim Sackton: 20 miles?
Tim Sackton: You're not that you're you're not that far from the coast. But this whole area, this whole, like coastal area, was basically ruled by pirates 50 years ago, and then the like navy from across the sea. Cameo came in and drove all the pirates out.
Tim Sackton: And now
Tim Sackton: this, like other country, Tolen or City tollen, pretty much rules this area. But you know, 50 years ago this was basically like a pirate
Tim Sackton: safe haven, essentially. And so there would be all these like bulls in the hills.
Tim Sackton: you, you do also see. It looks like there are
Tim Sackton: tracks going back and forth like frequent recent tracks, like into the past, the door into the sort of cavern beyond, and then back and in and back. It looks like a pretty well worn trail.
Tim Sackton:  From where you the pit where you came down the rope ladder into the cavern and back.
Tim Sackton: but not
Tim Sackton: not like tracks of an army like one or 2 people.
Tim Sackton: It's been like a smuggling a smugglers din. And oh, this is a lot more recent. This is probably this would be like crimson.
Dylan: Yeah. But like, maybe it was a smuggler's been for the virus. And now it's become a bit of like a co-opted sort of I don't know in not inventory management. Maybe they're trying to shuffle particular things, people, statues, maybe. In and out of
Dylan: area. Okay.
Dylan: just a chew toy for the steam pop. And I think I was, I was able to
John L: really get from a nice, a nice silver
Tim Sackton: ingot bone for steam seems like exactly where that sort of metal guard
Dylan: Chopin, his teeth are and
Dylan: cool.
Dylan: so you rest. Sure is yes.
Tim Sackton: go ahead and use hit die.
Tim Sackton:  your Gloria, your taxes restored as you complete your short rest.
Tim Sackton: Got in. You get your spell slot back.
John L: How do you have it?
John L: Stop here.
Tim Sackton: If you click the
Tim Sackton: if you click short, rest.
Tim Sackton: if the automatically apply healing is, and then you click.
Tim Sackton: You have to check those little boxes off
John L: and then hit take short rest. And once you hit confirm, yeah, yeah.
you're
John L: still didn't.
Tim Sackton: Well, you can always just roll and add it yourself.
John L: Yeah, I rolled a one d. 8 plus 2. I didn't do that.
Sara/Loria (she/her): That's correct, Wendy, plus 2.
Sara/Loria (she/her): Yeah, I don't know. The short rest in in interface on Dnd. Beyond is a little bit. I had to select the boxes and then click the thing that, said healing that pops up on Dnd, yeah. Okay.
John L: 33. Seems like a lot of healing. You're very restored.
Sara/Loria (she/her): Didn't mean to anyways figured it out. I know now how to take a short rest on Dnd.
Sara/Loria (she/her): but it also wasn't that far off. I was down to 9, and my Max is 31.
John L: The
Sara/Loria (she/her): I felt not good after falling into the ghost hole.
Tim Sackton: Yeah. Oh, plus you've got right. You've got d 10.
Sara/Loria (she/her): Yeah, I realize you're an actual frontliner.
Tim Sackton: Unlike these fake front liners I just happened to not be able to see, and then fell down the whole, which didn't really do me a lot of
Sara/Loria (she/her): favors in that battle. Hey? You got down fast. It's a bruise ego and a bruise forever, too.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: So
Tim Sackton: as you finish resting
Tim Sackton:  proceed back down into this cavern and your face. Now with this door. It's not a particularly fancy door.
Tim Sackton: It's just a plain sort of wooden door that's been sat into the the like wall of this natural cavern.
Tim Sackton: The the cave itself is not. This hasn't been excavated or really improved at all, except for this sort of incongruous door.
Sara/Loria (she/her): Can we
Sara/Loria (she/her): check the door by tossing a rock at it, or something to make sure it's
Sara/Loria (she/her): a door?
Tim Sackton: Yeah, you certainly can toss a rocket and toss a rock at it. It'd be like we're knocking on the door if we toss a rock at it. That's true. Yeah.
John L: Can my mage hand like, gently caress the door to ascertain its its dornus.
Tim Sackton: Yes.
John L: So it's a solid object.
John L: Okay.
Sara/Loria (she/her): can I go up and listen at the door? Then just
Sara/Loria (she/her): how far can that be heard? Oh.
Dylan: we turned it all. It's only up to 10 feet away.
Phil Grayson: Yeah, yeah.
Dylan: it's like soft screams echoing through this chamber for an hour. What a restful short rest we had! Yeah.
Tim Sackton:   You hear? Silence.
Sara/Loria (she/her): silent.
Sara/Loria (she/her): dripping sound of like water
Tim Sackton: drip like water dripping in a cave.
Sara/Loria (she/her): I relay that to the group, and
Sara/Loria (she/her): assuming I don't get surprise eaten by a mimic while I'm at the door.
Sara/Loria (she/her):  you do, you guys? Wanna
Sara/Loria (she/her): we? O, do we open this?
Sara/Loria (she/her): I mean, there's not really anywhere else to go. Yeah.
John L: no way go forward.
Dylan: Yeah.
Sara/Loria (she/her): Laurie is all bandaged up and ready to go. So I'm happy in first.
Sara/Loria (she/her): Try the see if it's open.
Sara/Loria (she/her): Jiggle the handle
Tim Sackton:  smile. Yeah, it's it actually doesn't so when you jiggle that there's like, I wanna like a big iron knocker. And actually, as soon as you like, push on it.
It's like, clear. This isn't really
Tim Sackton: like it can swing in any direction doesn't have
real hinges. It's just like like bolted into the wall a little bit so you can push it, pull it, push it. It's not locked.
Tim Sackton:  it seems
possibly to not do much. but anyway, it swings open as you push.
Sara/Loria (she/her): Can I reach the big iron knocker that's on it or no. Yeah, it's like it's like nose height. Okay? I want to like, hold that
Tim Sackton: as I slowly and sneakily, or at least quietly.
make a self-check.
Tim Sackton:  It's not the quietest you've heard anybody open a door.
Sara/Loria (she/her): It's not super loud, I mean
Tim Sackton: it, just, you know. Don't quite grasp the iron ring, and it just bangs up against the wall a little bit. As you step through, you can hear hear a faint echo down
Tim Sackton: the the corridor, and you can see like ahead of you. Well, I don't know. What do you? What what's happened to all the light puddles is somebody carrying them? Are they shielded? Is it pitch black?
Dylan: Think I don't like? It's like one
Dylan: or something just like in my hands. So I'm not just walking in complete darkness.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Dylan: I wasn't sure if Mario was wanting to
Dylan: keep some for his keep, some. I can't see anything right now. Yeah. So I feel like you would have had like maybe one or 2. You can see.
Tim Sackton: you know, the flickering light from the
Tim Sackton: pebble extends 10 feet
Tim Sackton: into this corridor, which looks like a narrow natural cave corridor, right like this is like, there's the rag tights on the top. There's
Tim Sackton: swag mites on the bottom. It's just like I mean that? Well, the swag mites on the bottom have been crushed right. It's like people have been walking back and forth here.
Tim Sackton: and you know, 20 feet in past where the light shines. It's just
Dylan: back to the same formation. We reckon
Dylan: it's like dog
Dylan: pull a person that could see the doc.
Sara/Loria (she/her): Oh, Gloria Dylan Dowden.
Sara/Loria (she/her): Gavin, how are you feeling after the rest? Are you okay? I'm up. I'm up to my 24. So oh, yeah.
Dylan: imagine he is
Dylan: up to fighting force. Yes.
John L: excellent! My Eldridge blast is loaded. So
Tim Sackton:  So you sneak along
Tim Sackton: quietly down this quarter. Can everybody make a stop? Check
Dylan: oops?
Dylan: Oh, yeah.
Tim Sackton: oh, wow! You guys are doing. Wow!
Sara/Loria (she/her): Like a little bit upset that I just like swung the door open too loud. And so now we're just really sneaky.
Dylan: It doesn't matter, because the lowest role among everybody is a
Tim Sackton: 19. Besides, I just saw that. So where the dog roll, I guess he doesn't have anything specific when it comes to skills. So I guess it's just pluses dexterity. If it's I think it's just only pre proficient in.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, just be straight, plus plus one for the dog.
Tim Sackton: 13 still better than 8.
Tim Sackton: But this is, I mean, you're like almost 7 feet tall, and you've got a tail. So this isn't the easiest
Tim Sackton: terrain to maneuver in.
Sara/Loria (she/her): What is this new sensation? Just gotta exactly
Tim Sackton: as a group. You're actually pretty stealthy.
Tim Sackton: And as you sneak along this corridor, keeping the light as dim as you can, just so you can see a little bit ahead.
Tim Sackton: Laura, you hear
Tim Sackton: maybe
Tim Sackton: 30 feet ahead out of the range of your site.
Tim Sackton: And in the blackness what sounds?
Tim Sackton: It's quite a strange sound to be hearing in a pirate cave full of ghosts. It sounds like somebody like hitting a punching bag.
Tim Sackton: Fuck, duck, but
Phil Grayson: cool.
Sara/Loria (she/her): Don't don't love that.
John L: Yeah.
Dylan: no.
Sara/Loria (she/her): they're probably already tired. At least we're gonna get them like
Phil Grayson: post workouts. That's easy.
Phil Grayson: or they're warmed up. Maybe they're not strict, you know.
Dylan: you know. Pull a handy while doing anything else.
Sara/Loria (she/her): Are you just continuing down the corridor, are you?
Sara/Loria (she/her): What's happening here? I don't know.
Sara/Loria (she/her): It's only one way forward.
Sara/Loria (she/her): Fair.
Tim Sackton: I mean, steam pops nearly as big as you.
Yeah, that's fair
Sara/Loria (she/her): steam pump is
Sara/Loria (she/her): steam up as medium. You are small steam pops actually bigger than you. I would like to be riding steam. Pub, please.
Phil Grayson: You're likely to be at the front lines in the fight right?
Sara/Loria (she/her): You usually swing in your sword at the front.
I toss you a potion that'll give you plus one A/C
you.
Phil Grayson: That's the end of my alchemy.
Tim Sackton: So you continue, although if you want to play again, remember, you can spend the First Level slot to make another person have like a time limit? Or is it just a permanent increase.
Dylan: perfect long enough for like a 5.
Tim Sackton: So as you continue
forward. the sound of this punching gets louder, and now you can see.
Tim Sackton: like coming from around the the bend the quarter ahead of you. Bend slightly to the right, and there's flickering torchlight
shining now into the corridor
from like around the bend, and from the direction that this punching sound is coming from
definitely. Sounds like somebody is working out.
You probably know, more than
Tim Sackton: 20 feet from from the bend in the corridor where
you know that's illuminated with torch lighting
Phil Grayson: silly question. But what time of day is it at this point?
I mean, it was.
Tim Sackton: It was mid morning when you descended, and you've taken a or or like lunchtime when you descended. You probably had lunch during your short rest in the tunnel, so it's probably
Phil Grayson: 1 30 in the afternoon. It's not like a it's not like a 1030 Pm. Workout where he's about to like work out and go to sleep, and we can just stab him
Phil Grayson: onward.
Sara/Loria (she/her): Yeah, up to the back.
Tim Sackton: So
Tim Sackton: a half lane. I'm a dog rounds the corner and you see
a
Tim Sackton: briefly staring at you in total surprise. This large man.
Tim Sackton: oh.
Tim Sackton: maybe 6 foot tall, bare arms, has got a bandage wrapped around one arm. He's got this like scruffy beard, black hair just wearing like a sort of tattered.
Tim Sackton: tattered shirt, and
Tim Sackton:  with like a suit of like this. Not very well maintained leather armor on top of it.
Tim Sackton:  does not seem to have any weapons nearby.
Tim Sackton: Any rap means like there's like this is like, another cavern, right? But what you can
see as you as you glance here is.
Tim Sackton: There's like straw bedding in a corner. There's 3 torches around the room. The room itself is maybe 20 foot by 20 foot. There's
Tim Sackton: 3 passageways that exit from this room. So basically, every wall has a has a corridor that leads out from it, including the one you're coming in from
Tim Sackton: and like this. like straw punching bag has been nailed into the
Tim Sackton: ceiling and is hanging from this iron chain, and, like this
man, is just frozen for a minute as he sees
Tim Sackton: halfling, riding, a mechanical dog appearing in the corridor, lit by like the torches that are lighting up this entire room.
He just looks puzzled. Like
what?
Tim Sackton: Like moving slightly, violently, slightly, uncertainly, in your direction.
Sara/Loria (she/her): I think not expecting company, is he.
No, I think I took a wrong turn.
Sara/Loria (she/her): Is this the way to the wine cellar?
Tim Sackton: Moves down the hallway a little bit in your direction? Make a deception check.
Tim Sackton: Oh, no, this is this is where I popped my car.
I don't think so.
John L:  Can we hear what's going on farther back in the
John L: 5 feet behind, though I quickly step in
John L: and
John L: I kind of cringe, and I and I kick Gloria on the ground
so.
John L: and I'm like.
they never shut up, don't they?
This like a special treat for Grimsthin?
John L: What are you doing now?
I just do what I'm told.
Can you point me where I need to take him.
Haven't even had lunch yet.
I'm not certain what's happening here.
Tim Sackton: This
aflang is for a Grimstone, but it's
Tim Sackton: you're a day early.
Tim Sackton: and who are you? I've never seen you before.
John L: I was told. Bring these idiots to him.
Told by who
John L: one of the fucking goblins
Sara/Loria (she/her): right, make a deception check.
Tim Sackton: He looks. He kind of
relaxes a little bit.
Tim Sackton: I was just looking at at God. And what what is what are you disguised as at the moment. still in your still in Alf.
John L: yeah. And my elf disguise.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: kind of relaxes a moment and then kind of does a slight double take as he as he looks at you, and is just
Tim Sackton: still, seems quite confused as to what's going on like looking around like nobody's tied up. Nobody is like you can. You can see like it's taking him some time to kind of process what's happening.
Tim Sackton: He always wants them to be stoned before he sees them.
John L: Maybe he is. It could be getting bored. I don't know. I've never been down here before.
Tim Sackton: A
Tim Sackton: maybe we should just take care of them quickly.
John L: How do we do that?
Tim Sackton: And he goes back, and he's sort of
Tim Sackton: you can see that there's like a crate. There's like a
Tim Sackton: Next to this straw bedding
Tim Sackton: there's there's a crate, and there's like an open chest. And he goes back, and he he like rummages through the chest for a minute.
Tim Sackton: Thought I had one more dose.
Tim Sackton: Must be here somewhere. Grimstone's gonna kill me!
Tim Sackton: Roots around for another minute. Are. Y'all just standing there
John L: like I don't think he wants these stoned.
Tim Sackton: I've never seen you before. Don't know who you are.
Tim Sackton: I'm not gonna risk Kid's wrath.
Tim Sackton: See what happens. The last person that he
Tim Sackton: hmm want my head smashed in.
Tim Sackton: do you?
John L: No.
John L: I'm like looking at everybody else.
Tim Sackton: I'll keep him here if you wanna go talk to Grimstone
John L: I wouldn't interrupt him right now.
Tim Sackton: He's convinced the latest batch is the key working on some crazy potion.
John L: Maybe this is what he needs.
John L: These are not visitors, these are ingredients.
Tim Sackton: I found it. It takes out this vial of this like greenish sort of thick liquid. That's sort of bubbling slightly in this
Tim Sackton: small file.
Tim Sackton: Damn had only one dose. Well.
Tim Sackton:  Amy mean I didn't give it.
John L: I've been worried about this item. Go I've been worried about. I'm
John L: give me a minute.
Tim Sackton: Eeny meeny miny mouth catch a tiger by the tow. If he hollers, let him go.
Tim Sackton: I'll throw it out.
Tim Sackton: I'll throw a screaming rock
Phil Grayson: across
Phil Grayson: trying to get it behind him.
Tim Sackton: Okay, make a dexterity check.
Phil Grayson: That's not gonna be great.
Tim Sackton:  it bounces like
Tim Sackton: slightly past
Tim Sackton: like into the Strava is betting and it when it's just screaming, it's just like randomly screaming.
Tim Sackton: what the hell
Tim Sackton: goes
Tim Sackton: one of you doing magic.
John L: Oh, there's no magic down here that's Grimstone's rule.
John L: they're so weird! You have no idea, I'm told, not to tie them up.
John L: I'm told not to bring them stone, and now you don't only bring it to him.
John L: I'll get in trouble. I'm just doing what I'm told.
I'm not gonna interrupt him
John L: your graveyard
Tim Sackton: that the expression.
Tim Sackton: your graveyard that doesn't make sense your coffin
Tim Sackton: something like that.
Tim Sackton: It's your fate. If you mess with Faith
John L: Earth. I
John L: I'm just doing what I'm told.
John L: I I kick the dog again. Let's go
John L: where at least one of them's gotta be stone.
John L: Let's do this dog. I'm tired of it clicks and clacks when it walks. The Halfland's getting a little uppity as it gets to ride it.
Tim Sackton: Okay, fine. He walks up towards the dog he
Tim Sackton: reaches out and grabs Loria, and he's like more than twice your size. probably just about twice your size.
Tim Sackton: And it just lifts you up in the air like dangling above the dog. Then it takes us file and just smashes it on the dog's head. Constitution safety throw for the dog.
Dylan: Sure.
Dylan: that's so much shake. It's got a box for
Dylan: saving throws, plus 2 plus. Pb. What's Pb. Stand for? That's your provision. So it should be plus 4, it should be plus 4. I thought so. Yeah.
Tim Sackton: you can see the stone begin to
Tim Sackton: like creep over the dog. This is like the basilisk, like. If somebody smashes it off.
Tim Sackton: the dog won't be petrified, but then, at the end of each round. is it at the end of each round
Tim Sackton: double check for fast there. And
Tim Sackton:  yeah, somebody can knock the stone off of him. Next round he gets another saving throw. If he fails, he's turned to stone.
John L: Yeah, more expendable than the rest of us. Dylan. We're we're we're back around the corner. Is that
Phil Grayson: like the situation at this point, we haven't been seen yet.
Tim Sackton: Ii think
Phil Grayson: I thought that was the situation. You're you're standing out of the light, so nobody's seeing you. So I would turn to Dylan and be like, are we just gonna let this keep going? Or are we just gonna fry this guy? I'm just like motioning like
Dylan:  Happy, to quote quote before we do that, though like what? What direction, what door is it
John L: cause? I pick up the stone thing, and I grab the halfling by the hand make another saving throw for the dog.
Yeah. how many doors are there? 3. Okay.
Sara/Loria (she/her): Can I start trying to beat the stone off of the dog.
Dylan: Hmm. Oh, 13, hey? That's a 13. Okay. Dog beats the DC. 12.
Tim Sackton: damn it, week batch, I guess.
Tim Sackton:  you do what you want with your prisoners. I
I don't want to be anywhere around.
How did you get past the guards?
I told them what I told you.
I'm bringing ingredients. Okay. Well, somebody must have given you the password. So that's fine.
I'm just gonna go.
I'm staying out of us. You deal with Grimstone.
Tim Sackton: If you interrupt him in the middle of making a potion. He's gonna be so pissed
unless these actually are ingredients which, like, I don't think but I'm just there.
Tim Sackton: and he just walks off down, down the corner and sees the 2 of you standing there. It's like what the hell
Phil Grayson: ingredient!
Sara/Loria (she/her): Yes.
Are the other 2 back there still.
Extra delicious ingredient.
John L: another deception. Okay, so I just gonna roll it again for advantage.
It's your
Tim Sackton: damn it! I know there's a phrase for this.
It's your gravestone
walks off
Dylan: wild.
Phil Grayson: But we didn't get. The door
John L: pointed straight ahead.
Tim Sackton: north, west, east. You came from the south. He pointed towards the north door when he said.
John L: password.
Sara/Loria (she/her): it begins.
oh, if we need another password to get by.
John L: my character's just like shaking from
Sara/Loria (she/her): making it through that
John L: I'm I'm apologetically, petting the dog, too.
Yes.
Dylan: he knows what he what what he, what he's used for off of him
Tim Sackton: once he made the second save the stone cracked.
Tim Sackton: Oh, okay, I wasn't sure but he didn't get like
Dylan: 2 saves after. If you fail the first one you start to be coated in stone, somebody can knock the stone off of you, but you take damage.
Tim Sackton: but if nobody knocks the stone off of you, and you fail, the second save you turn to stone. Nobody knocks the stone off of you, and you succeed the second, save you're fine.
Phil Grayson: You said that he was like rooting around in some crates or something. Yeah, there's like 2 crates next to his straw bedding.
Should we check those out quickly?
Yeah. the other goodies
Tim Sackton: so one of them is like clearly, just, you know.
Tim Sackton: mundane effects. There's like a few changes of clothes.
Tim Sackton:  Guy doesn't seem to be super neat, right? Like there's some moldy bread tossed in there. There's
Tim Sackton: 2 water skins, there's a
half drunk bottle of brandy.
Tim Sackton: There's a there's a pouch which is empty.
Tim Sackton: The second one seems to be more like our chemical supplies, but it's it's mostly not
a.
Tim Sackton: It's like empty stuff, right? Like it's a bunch of glass like he spent a while rooting around, and there was nothing was all just like empty glass vials like you, a scale would recognize this. This is basically a complete set of Alcatra
Tim Sackton: chemists, tools
Phil Grayson: as well as like a dozen nice glass vials that you could make potions in grabbing. I'm grabbing all that up
Phil Grayson:  other than the one vial that he took out. Nothing has anything in it
Phil Grayson: and
Phil Grayson: got in. That was pretty incredible.
Phil Grayson: In a kind of weird way. I'm wondering
Phil Grayson: you want to do it again. I've got an idea.
John L:  I take it. Sip of the brandy. I say, I say, what what if you disguised yourself, as him
Phil Grayson: wore some of these clothes. and when it interrupted grim scale in there. say the basilisk is escaping, or something.
Phil Grayson: and then he comes through, and we just just nail him, you know.
Dylan: like we did with the stairs. Remember that went well.
John L: that went
Dylan: momentously.
Phil Grayson: If he's if he's gonna get pissed off and and and be storming through. Maybe he won't be at his most perceptive as opposed to actually opening a door as a group of random
John L: or not knowing the password and alerting a guard or something.
John L: Yeah.
Dylan: yeah. L, lower them out a little bit, the back, the best list being loose, definitely. Get some attention for sure
Phil Grayson: cause he needs it. By the sounds of it.
John L: I mean, we don't even need, though, like we could just bang on the door and say the Baskolas has escaped.
Sara/Loria (she/her): I mean, we know he's on the other side of that door.
John L: We think so. He's looking at his potions.
Tim Sackton: There, there's not, there's not doors. These are just corridors, that exile.
Tim Sackton: and some distance to caverns. Then I would I could disguise.
go.
Sara/Loria (she/her): Would it help to light any of the straw on fire as part of our plan.
We got straw bed in straw punching bag.
Phil Grayson: We've got alchemist fire from
Tim Sackton: some of the.
Phil Grayson: We could certainly have that be
the corridor as he's coming through and and light it up.
John L: Okay? And I can.
John L: I can also misty, step my way over the fire if I need to
John L: get away from them.
Phil Grayson: If yeah, if he's got, if he's got like guards with him.
Phil Grayson: maybe the fire could be used to split them off, or something. If if we had this draw in the corridor and you take the alchemist fire with you.
Phil Grayson: you can maybe drop it and and skip up.
Cut some of them off, or something
anything that could have guards. I say, we we spent all of our resources at the point of the trap.
Okay?
Sara/Loria (she/her): So anybody else have a better idea. So drinking that brandy getting ready.
think so
Dylan: like, I
John L: cause we don't really have an idea who like what he looks like
Dylan: or what's you might be capable of.
Dylan:  how big this laboratory may be.
John L: Any other assistance that might be hanging about.
If they're running down a corridor, at least they are.
John L: they can't get around us. We can focus our attacks. Aoes, acid, splash.
John L: etc., etc.
Dylan: Yeah, do we? Do? We have like a tripwire. We wanted to put between 2 these little hallways, all these corridors just to.
Dylan: I don't know how easy. This put a triple light again. I guess my character would know either. But I have a snare that I can set again, but that would be my last spell. Slot.
Dylan: No, I wouldn't want to waste that
Dylan: just trying to get the like unknowns there. So if we have any plan, and it all just falls pot because we didn't. Consider all the the variables coming at us.
Dylan:  Oh.
Dylan: I ain't saw a bad plan
John L: better than just opening the door and charging in.
Dylan: Yeah, II think I think, yeah. And then just whoever's coming out, we just start shanking. I guess the the one downside to it would be if
if he is like actively working on a potion. you may not be
Phil Grayson: kid it out for a fight or an emergency, and if we go in and say, there's an emergency, you may grab a bunch of stuff and start heading out.
I can try to express the urgency of it
like.
John L: yeah, what's he's a wizard. How much equipment does he need?
John L: Is he a wizard? II don't know if we that's true.
John L: Probably if he's working on potions. He's probably not like a barbarian. But
Phil Grayson: who's to say
assembly?
John L: What's your plan? Do we do we do we vote on this?
John L: I mean, I'm fine with this. Yeah.
I will knock on the door as the deuce this guy! So the Baskolis has escaped.
John L: So so it's not remember it's not a door, it's just a oh, sorry door, so it's a corridor. I will start screaming the vasculus, the vasculus, and I'll run in. I don't have his voice
Phil Grayson: head down the corridor, and we've before he leaves we would set up some sort of like straw situation that would create a a pretty big fireball when alchemist fire hits it.
Phil Grayson: That would be where they're going to walk through to get back out of the corridor.
Okay?
And you.
Tim Sackton: John, you disguise gout and disguises himself as this guy who just ran off, who shortly is gonna come to a
Tim Sackton: tavern with no guards, and perhaps wonder
Tim Sackton: what happened to the guards. But that's a problem. For a few minutes. 30 s, or however long it takes.
Sara/Loria (she/her): Okay.
Phil Grayson: and the rest of us are are hidden out of sight like along the wall that the corridor is the end of oh! So the corridor is lit by torque light.
Tim Sackton: and you walk down it. It goes about
Tim Sackton: 20 feet, and then curves and descends slightly. I have
Tim Sackton:  As Gordon comes around the bend of the corridor you can see that it
Tim Sackton: opens up about 20 feet ahead of you. So about 40 feet in total from the
this, like entry room where this guy was was.
Tim Sackton: And you're looking into a cave like a natural cavern, but the floor has been completely smooth and cleared, and there are
to
Tim Sackton:  There are like 2 work benches that are just covered in various kinds of alchemist gear. There's like 10 little jars that look like they hold like different
Tim Sackton: powdered substances. There's you know. There's a a metal stand that's got glass beakers
Tim Sackton: or glass little vials on it. There's a
Tim Sackton: fire going underneath what looks like a crucible of some sort where something's melting in this little smoke coming out of it. There's a bunch of like pieces of statues scattered around the room.
and a couple of intact statues, not of people, but of like smaller animals.
Tim Sackton: And there's a man
Tim Sackton: sitting at the bench. He's wearing this white marble mask he's got like a sort of frizz of hair
Tim Sackton: above the mask  curled up, and he's sort of muttering to himself as he
Tim Sackton: carefully. He's wearing like robes, but also he's got what looks like a ocean bandelier like strung across his
his chest.
Tim Sackton: And he's just he's like muttering to himself.
Tim Sackton: Maybe this is it? Maybe maybe I found it this time. Yes, yes, he picks up a little pinch and drops it in.
And there's like this. This puffing is like very close, very close. Think. think it's the right combination. I just need to mix
Tim Sackton: the right bones. No stones or bones or stones. Yes.
John L: fingers and toes, my friends sprinkling, sprinkling, sir, sir.
Tim Sackton: you don't interrupt me, and he grabs a potion. He hooks it up. Make a dexterity.
Dylan: I mean fun, but
Phil Grayson: good saved!
Tim Sackton: Good save
You take
Tim Sackton:  7 points of fire damage
as this potion-yuck. You explodes
John L: and he yells, get out! Now, you may have ruined this. the basilis. It's escaped.
That's what I pay them for. Now leave.
Tim Sackton: and he starts working. I think I think he ruined. I think he ruined it. I think he ruined it.
John L: I'm running out now
Tim Sackton: like picks up a stone and like starts licking it.
Tim Sackton: Hmm, hmm, no, maybe it's okay. Hmm.
maybe I need just some more gold.
John L: Yeah. So I
Dylan: on me.
John L: he's not leaving this bench, guys.
Sara/Loria (she/her): Well, another short rest it is.
Dylan: He's not gonna know us. not gonna notice at all.
Yeah, he's gonna be incredibly pissed when the Boxer guy comes.
Phil Grayson: Yeah, let's
Phil Grayson: II think
I think we just rush in
Dylan: and just start shanking.
Sara/Loria (she/her): and
I think so
Phil Grayson: get get get, get, get the dog on him. Get the dog on him fast.
Dylan: Yeah. And
probably
Phil Grayson: I look at the Burns. I was like, how did he hit you? He has like potion grenades, a lot of maybe maybe we stay a little distance from each other.
John L: Yeah, it was about a 10 foot explosion when the person landed.
Phil Grayson: Let's stay a long distance from each other.
Sara/Loria (she/her): This does anybody have a heel?
John L: If you need a saber slots. That's fine.
Sara/Loria (she/her): Have a spell scroll, true, but
Sara/Loria (she/her): I don't know what it is.
Tim Sackton: It's cure wounds.
Sara/Loria (she/her): is it? Cure wounds? I was. Gonna look into my notes for it. I have a cure. Wounds spell scroll I could. I could use. Yeah.
Sara/Loria (she/her): do that quick. And then and then
Phil Grayson: you hear echoing from the distance, the bang of the
door opening in the
Tim Sackton: cave
like a hundred feet back.
Tim Sackton: like the guy just pulling the door open as he enters the cavern where there's supposed to be guards.
Phil Grayson: That door. Did it lock?
Sara/Loria (she/her): No. Do we go with that? Or do we just go?
Tim Sackton: We could take care of it, I suppose. What was he? He was a hobgoblin or and he was a human. He was like a big, beefy human.
Tim Sackton: just like a traveler or something.
Tim Sackton: I mean, he didn't seem the brightest person in the world like, yeah, you don't know exactly what he's gonna do with this
Phil Grayson: confusing situation.
If he goes back
Phil Grayson: I could. He doesn't immediately turn around and come and fight us, and he goes back and gets that whole group of hobgoblins from the armory. That's what I'm worried about.
Phil Grayson: Then, even if we have a decent fight against this guy, we may get ambushed by 8 hobgoblins on the way out. I think we should just go kill him.
Dylan: Yeah. And then we could just put these like the the main, the the potion grenade man has like a robe or something. I'm sure we could just
chuck that odd and
Dylan: punch over something and be like
Dylan: it's all going badly. You should leave, or something, so we could imitate it a little bit
Dylan: grouchy potion man, I'm sure, between Grayscale and engage we can make something work.
John L: So what do we do? We really take care of the
the muscle first.
Phil Grayson: I think so. He's not going. And the the potion guys not going anywhere change unless he cures unless he, unless he becomes immortal in the next, like
Phil Grayson: literally 2 min of battle.
John L:  Was there anybody else in the post-it room that I saw?
Tim Sackton: There were no other people. There were 2 statues of
likes like One of them looked like
Tim Sackton: like a wasp that was about 3 feet long, super, life-like.
Tim Sackton: The other was a
John L: fairly large spider, also about 3 feet long, but they look like stone statues. There wasn't anybody else moving. Okay, they were the only intact statute in the room. Everything else was like pieces of statue.
John L: Okay? So I would like to do is we could I wanna disguise self as the potion guy
John L: run after the doofus guy and told him to go run back into the room and grab the stone spider and then let the potion. Guy attack him.
enraged because he already saw him interrupt him once. And now he's coming back again.
Sara/Loria (she/her): That'd be funny.
John L: I mean, the worst side is with 2 of them at once, but like I don't think they'll be working together, and you'll be injured.
Phil Grayson: if not, dad, and maybe he's dropped a couple of his fireball potions on his on his own underlay.
Yeah, that's fun.
John L: Okay. So I finished the whole brandy and okay. So I disguise self as old potion man.
John L: Well, we'll go down some of the other quarters. So we're completely out of the way. Yeah, got it. Okay?
John L: And then I chase after him.
Dylan: Okay, pulling a little weight, and
Tim Sackton: you run back down the corridor and you see him kind of standing like scratching his head in the middle of the of the cavern.
Where are the guards? Hmm!
Tim Sackton: Just looking around like kind of sort of
John L: looking slightly, curiously at the rope ladder like, should I go up.
hey?
Tim Sackton: I'm so close
Tim Sackton: ingredients. Yeah.
John L: we're perfect. I need the stone spider in the sun. Go grab it
Tim Sackton: now make a deception check.
John L: No? Oh, it was a oh, it was a 12! I thought it was a one.
Tim Sackton: You don't quite get the voice right.
It's
Dylan: pretty good, but
he looks at you.
Tim Sackton: And he begins to like move towards you.
Tim Sackton: Sniffing a little bit like just kind of
who are you.
John L: i'm his new minion.
Dylan:  no, I don't think so. Role initiative.
Dylan:  where this is all you but I would split the party, one in 3.
Hmm.
John L: Okay, 10 feet away.
menacingly approaching you like.
Tim Sackton: has a confused look on his face, but is like
John L: pretty sure something is up here. I'm not sure he wants to kill you, or just like grapple you and drag you somewhere like 100 feet away from where everybody's hiding.
Okay? And how long can I run in a turn?
John L: You can. If you dashed. You can run 60 feet in a turn. Does dash include my bonus app bonus action.
Nope, just your action in your move.
John L: Okay, so I
I dash as fast as I can
John L: down the alley or down the the corridor towards everybody else.
John L: And then when I get at the end, then I use either. I misty step
the last
Tim Sackton: 30 feet. Okay. So the rest of you just see gout in materialize back in the torchlet corridor
suddenly
John L: not good.
Tim Sackton: and you hear the fighting sound of
Tim Sackton: footsteps. Somebody running
Tim Sackton: in the other direction.
Dylan: Unleash the dog, unleash the dog.
Tim Sackton: Okay, so you are here. Let me just clear this dog and and illustrate this. Okay, so this is like A
Tim Sackton: and oops.
Tim Sackton: Okay, so you've got like a corridor like a room
that looks
Tim Sackton: something like this.
Tim Sackton: There's corridors that go off.
This is the one the one on the bottom is the one that
Tim Sackton: turns. and that
you came from.
Tim Sackton: And
Tim Sackton: Gordon just materializes right here.
Tim Sackton:  we don't need that shade anymore.
Phil Grayson: We'd be off on the the side ones like here.
Tim Sackton: yeah, you'd be off
Tim Sackton: like there, or you could be further back.
Tim Sackton: And suddenly boom!
Tim Sackton:  Garden is in the middle of the room, and you hear the budding footsteps of somebody running. I think it's probably easier to have initiative. Just have this starts.
Tim Sackton: But at the moment you're all other than Gowing, you're all kind of hidden down the corridor.
Tim Sackton: Yeah?
Dylan: Oh, 22.
Tim Sackton: So, Dylan, you're 21. Sorry
Tim Sackton: Europe and Earth
Tim Sackton: Cowden.
Tim Sackton: I didn't see what everybody else rolled. Sorry.
Tim Sackton: 14,
Dylan: though. You guys have done well on the mission, have you all?
Tim Sackton: You're all beaten
Tim Sackton: so basically you can all I mean, you might want to like ready actions, for when you see him instead of do it, or you can charge out, it's up to you at the moment you can't see him, but you can hear him running in this direction.
Tim Sackton: So Dylan first.
Dylan: Oh, so I'm not mistaken. 40 feet would get to him. But I guess we kind of want to get to this little
Dylan: area first. That's sort of the plan here
Sara/Loria (she/her): like this.
Dylan: with the flank and the whole lot.
Dylan: I mean, I'll let my dog know to. I'll I mean I'll come out, can I? Can I walk over my dog? Is that gonna cost me some extra. That's just it's 5 feet of activity.
Dylan: I'll tell my dog.
Dylan: Go on the other side of the whole way and
Dylan: nibble the strange man
Dylan: to our guests. I'm gonna go 5. So I imagine you can't see me. But I'll go
Dylan: here, and my plan is to or I'll at least I'll go like
out of sight a little bit.
Dylan: and just like really in action, in case the strange, hostile man comes into view to like
Dylan: attacking, whether that will get triggered or not is sort of.
and I'll hold safe.
Dylan: Okay? And then my dog is just gonna
Dylan: go on this side. Read, to quote unquote
Tim Sackton: nibble the strange man
already across Fobold.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
got it?
John L:  can I move? Yeah.
Okay. So I'm gonna
I move
far away in a corner. So I have line of sight when he walks in. Okay.
John L: Hi.
Sara/Loria (she/her): I'm going to move behind
the dog and draw my short swords.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: he turns. He comes charging in
guys 1, 2, 3,
Tim Sackton: or 5,
and it just takes one look
Tim Sackton: not worth it. 6,
Tim Sackton: 789-10-1112.
Phil Grayson: Then I can I shoot when he becomes anybody who wants to shoot before he turns and please is welcome to do so.
John L: Well, can we all do a round and see how we get, because we're all loaded up.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, yeah. So everybody can trigger their actions as he comes into the room.
I'll elder fast
Tim Sackton: 23 that hits.
That wasn't. That was crossbar sorry
Tim Sackton: in scale. So
so how far? And did he get? Did he get like, right? Like.
Tim Sackton: he came right there? Yeah.
Okay. But he's good.
Tim Sackton: Dash away! I imagine Danny's dashing away. Yup! Anybody who wants to
trigger their ready actions.
Dylan:  I think mine would. It would be the stand. My dog would probably do. Then just chase after him. I don't think the dog would like get their really reaction.
Tim Sackton: I think that's probably fair. You have a dark and ready in action.
Tim Sackton:  that hits.
Yeah. I'm gonna that's yeah. That's like a 21 or something. Yeah.
there we go.
Dylan: What's that 8 damage, I believe. Yeah.
Dylan: plus 4. That's 8 damage.
Dylan: And then, yeah, good old dog is gonna blank if you're if you're allowing it.
Tim Sackton:  because A/C is 14. So I think that
no hits right on the target hit is
Dylan: mainly with an attack. I think the spell attack modifier. It's plus 5, so that should happen. There you go.
Tim Sackton: There we go. Dog is also a plus is A. D. 8 is a d. 8 plus plus 4. I believe
Dylan: I think it's only plus 2 sorry, plus 2 proficiency bonus. Yes, a 7 matches.
There you go.
Tim Sackton: Okay, Laura. You don't get to make your bonus action attack, but you can still make your regular short sort of regular short sword
Tim Sackton: 11 misses.
Sara/Loria (she/her): Oh, okay. Well, then, I don't have anything on him
running.
He basically comes into the room. He's like. not worth it.
Tim Sackton: We do have each other turns, and he runs. You're welcome to transact them if you want.
Tim Sackton: He seems pretty wounded from that round of attacks, but now he's in a narrow corner, so
harder to.
Phil Grayson: for for those people who were in melee with him when he came in. Did they get opportunity? It uses your reaction to trigger your witness. You don't have a reaction for an opportunity tech as well.
Dylan: take care.
John L: Say, we let sleeping dogs lie for this one.
Sara/Loria (she/her): Yeah, I don't even know if he'll know what to say if he does
Phil Grayson: that the boss is under attack.
Dylan: I can get the dog to just chase him
Dylan: up until he can get to the stairs. I can't imagine if he's fully wounded. It's gonna have a good time.
Phil Grayson: I think I'd wanna I'd want to finish him off. So I chase after him with the dog.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Dylan: And the dogs got 6. I got a 40 foot standard movement. So I mean.
Dylan: it's gonna chase after him. Pretty good. So yeah, I think if it's my 10 they're on my own.
Dylan: I would just tell the dog to
Dylan: chase after him until he climbs
Dylan: the ladder. I think it's the only way out. Is that the only way out from from that direction, and then come back when you're when you're satisfied. No, wait. Have the dog just rip down the
John L: stupid
John L: we need to get them to later. I can misty step over or something, and you can pass it up, or how it's tomorrow's problem.
John L: I mean. But the new does come back. I don't know.
Dylan: Rip and tear him, or the letter go.
Dylan: So I guess. 5, 10, the 15,
Dylan: 20, I mean 20 oops.
Dylan: Pretty science
Dylan: get to a 40 feet or whatever, and they would just
Dylan: nibble him a little bit. See if he
Dylan:  Nope, 2
Dylan: too hungry can't bite properly. Yup.
Tim Sackton: Anybody else chasing after him?
Sara/Loria (she/her): Gloria.
John L: I'll try one more passing Eldridge blast. Can I get close enough to blast him down the corridor.
Tim Sackton: Okay?
Tim Sackton:  yeah. If you got to. There he'd have. He'd have
John L: half. However, yeah.
John L: so disadvantage.
John L: Now, it gives them a plus 2 days. Okay. or you can't both be in that spot.
Tim Sackton: One of you is gonna have only one of you can get a clear shot at him.
Tim Sackton: Oh, what the lizard. Manhattan.
John L: do you only get one blast, or do you get 2? Right now? I only get one right now. Okay, I yeah. I get a oned 10 plus 3.
Phil Grayson: You can both take a shot, but but garden you, you take. You take the better one. You go for it. Okay.
John L: Wish me to lock my dark patrons
Tim Sackton: that hits.
Tim Sackton: He's badly wounded.
Tim Sackton: Not quite, dad, but looking quite hurt.
Phil Grayson: I'll take the crossbow shot.
Tim Sackton: Okay, this one is gonna be partial cover.
Phil Grayson: Okay.
Phil Grayson: it would, miss, regardless. I think
Tim Sackton: I didn't see it in the world, but
Phil Grayson: it would be a 16 A/C with partial cover.
John L: Hmm.
Tim Sackton: I think the dog should be able to take care of him now, if he's mostly dead. So so as this Eldred blast hits him, he just like collapses on his knees and like, No, no, please stop, I don't wanna die.
John L: Hmm!
Dylan: That's not what the dog the dog cannot talk back, and was not instructed to.
John L: She's talking
Tim Sackton: dark and kill them if you want to. It's top of the round now. So that's Dylan's turn.
Dylan: Yeah. Dogs!
Tim Sackton: That misses! Oh, no, that hits, because that's a puzzle. Okay, the dog's gonna murder him in cold blood.
Dylan: The dog is already
Tim Sackton: an amalgamation of machine. I mean, he's probably killed lots of people. That's how Gayden justified this to himself.
Tim Sackton: So as he's kneeling down like his hands up, please don't kill me. The steam puff just leaps at his chest, knocks, knocking him down, and his head whacks the back of the
Tim Sackton: the corridor. You can see the light fade from his eyes.
John L: That's dark. Well, at least he won't be calling for help.
Dylan: The light is still intact then, so you know, wonderful! That's true.
John L: We only we took no damage.
John L: and only used
John L: One's one of my not bad.
Dylan: The dog happily bounce back.
Dylan: slaughtering in cold
Sara/Loria (she/her): like. Damn. But okay, so
Tim Sackton: what is it? When now.
John L: Can I have that healing scroll?
Sara/Loria (she/her): Do we ever settle on that? No, yeah. Sorry. I yes, absolutely. It is yours. I thought I had given it to you already.
Sara/Loria (she/her): How does that work like? What's it's like heel roll, or it's let me just look up cure wounds real quick.
Tim Sackton: One d. 8, plus your spellcasting modifier, so wisdom would be plus
Tim Sackton: 2. So one d. 8 plus 2.
Tim Sackton: So you roll Sarah, and give it to, and then
Sara/Loria (she/her): a one.
Sara/Loria (she/her):  that's a 7 plus 2. So 9.
John L: Nice. Yeah.
John L: thank you. Feeling refreshed.
Tim Sackton: So you're now still back
Tim Sackton: in the quarter you started with
John L: this passageway to the north
Tim Sackton: leads to the alchemy lair and the potion throwing madman
Tim Sackton: these 2 passages lead to you are not sure. Why
Sara/Loria (she/her): could we?
Tim Sackton: you like a 2 min washroom break. If we're about to. Okay.
Sara/Loria (she/her): perfect. Do you want to plan first? Or do you want to come back and then plan?
Dylan: I'm gonna plan while using the bath.
Tim Sackton: Hmm!
Phil Grayson: Cheers
Phil Grayson: as a Mike. Can you hear me? Is my thing connected? Can you hear me?
Phil Grayson: Can you hear me or no.
Phil Grayson: I can't hear you now.
Tim Sackton: Oh.
Phil Grayson: perfect! Okay, there you are.
Phil Grayson: I saw your whiskey. I said. Cheers.
Tim Sackton: yes, cheers.
Phil Grayson: you know. I drink. In the second half of the session.
Tim Sackton: You guys are very fast and efficient, though I'm enjoying this.
Phil Grayson: It's been remarkably
Phil Grayson: well executed, I would say, or there's been some luck along the way. John keeps getting extremely good roles on his crazy deception plans.
Tim Sackton: but actually your roles. There's been some bad roles, but they've mostly been in just amusing circumstances. Not in.
Tim Sackton: Aye.
Tim Sackton: how's the dog
Phil Grayson: after chicken and rice all day he
Phil Grayson: has been alright. But we'll see what the night brings. He was up, I think, 5 times last night, up and out.
Phil Grayson: quite sick. So it's
Phil Grayson: fingers crossed that we're getting it sorted out.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Phil Grayson: but I think I'm less concerned than I was this morning, for sure.
Tim Sackton: That's the end of the semester, Sarah.
Sara/Loria (she/her):  you have a lot of grading to do.
Sara/Loria (she/her): Yeah. I don't have that many.
Sara/Loria (she/her): Well, the problem is my, the final exam that I do have to run this semester isn't until the 20 first.
Sara/Loria (she/her): and then I have to get grades turned around decently
Sara/Loria (she/her): quickly, I think, and
Sara/Loria (she/her): cause we don't have tas. All of the marking is on me.
Sara/Loria (she/her): 72 74 written exams.
Sara/Loria (she/her): Oh, my God, yeah. that sounds horrible. Yeah, that part's gonna suck
Sara/Loria (she/her): But I've got
Sara/Loria (she/her): I don't know. This week is like all presentations. So I've got a couple of my honor students and independent research students that are giving their
Sara/Loria (she/her): semester presentations. And the last day of class is tomorrow. So
Sara/Loria (she/her): then it'll be over.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Sara/Loria (she/her): great. And then and then it'll start again on the fourth of January, because so quick.
Sara/Loria (she/her): that's so fast you don't have any like break. No.
Sara/Loria (she/her): my parents like middle school, and I think, even last year, too. My colleagues, that all have children were saying that we started a week before public schools. So they had like no childcare line, the beginning of the semester last year, and I think it's probably gonna be the same this year.
Sara/Loria (she/her): Dylan's in the same boat as me, though. our like. January fourth. Start for the new snack.
Dylan: Yeah, I got a class on on the fourth of January. I get back in the country on the second, and then teach on the Thursday, and like
Dylan: I have 4 and a half hours of lecture on the Thursday on January. I mean, you're not gonna like show, like proper stuff. It's gonna be like.
Dylan: Hey, welcome to the chorus.
Sara/Loria (she/her): No, I do.
Sara/Loria (she/her): Yeah, I'll double check. But I'm pretty sure the fourth, which is the mapped it out this week, and cried a little bit in my office.
Dylan: but, like even the students are like like.
Dylan: we don't have time to waste like we need to use every single like class time that we can.
John L: That's why I teach for 4 and a half hours on January fourth, and it can't just be like, here's the syllabus go home.
Sara/Loria (she/her): It's the worst anyways. Yes, semester is great.
Sara/Loria (she/her): Then I was probably expecting for that answer. But
Dylan: I'm definitely not doing a hard session. Hard class that first Thursday. I'm gonna keep it easy and breezy.
Sara/Loria (she/her): Sorry, Sarah.
Sara/Loria (she/her): but caps on that first day. That's why. Yeah, we don't need to do this so sorry everybody else
Tim Sackton: they remember there's some marking to do, and they go up the road. I'm sure it'll be fine.
Dylan: That's what I call my.
Tim Sackton: I mean, Grimstone. Seems like a great professor.
Dylan: I'm almost got it.
Dylan: Yeah, yeah.
Sara/Loria (she/her): Umhm.
Tim Sackton: So what's your plan?
Sara/Loria (she/her): Honestly, I think we kind of have to charge in there and attack and be aware that these statues may come to life.
Dylan: Yeah, how much of the material he's using.
Dylan: do you think is flammable?
Dylan: There's a lot of alchemy stuff, and we have an alchemist man, and he could just go
Dylan: lab, boom, boom. I mean carbon monoxide poisoning in an enclosed space. When this fire going, we're gonna ignore that. We're gonna assume there's enough insulation.
John L: That could be an interesting distraction. And and with environmental hazard he has like this like a belt of potions. If we could attack that and maybe get his ammo off of him.
John L: Get the handle off there like that!
Phil Grayson: What if someone went in invisible and just like
Phil Grayson: at that, and pulled
John L: that may not. Who's our most ex
John L: stealthy Dex person?
Sara/Loria (she/her): I think I am.
Dylan: Assume. So. Yeah.
Sara/Loria (she/her): yeah.
Sara/Loria (she/her): I would assume. So I've got yeah. I've got a plus 5 on myself.
John L: What's your? Is there a slide of hand? What's your slide of hand?
Sara/Loria (she/her): Only plus 3?
Phil Grayson: But yeah, the rest of us could like go in and attack and distract.
Phil Grayson: You could go around back and try and disarm them, basically
John L: or assistive in the back with advantage, one or the other. He is so focused. I think you could probably like the best bet is to try to do it before we attack.
Sara/Loria (she/her): Yeah, like.
Sara/Loria (she/her): and I'm sure I could like
Sara/Loria (she/her): I can try to like hide behind stuff in the lab as we go around.
John L: Visibility last for how long
Tim Sackton: an hour, but it ends as soon as you make an attack or cast the spell.
John L: this slide of hand would count is something that would remove invisibility.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, if you're attempting to disarm somebody that's effectively making attack. Yes.
Tim Sackton: yeah, I think.
Tim Sackton: Yeah. Cause you're basically using a.
you're, it's you're using an attack roll to attempt to disarm. So
John L: that seems that's a high risk, high reward. Approach to this
Dylan: with that. A lot. But this this round, I think this is true.
John L: So you think, try it.
Phil Grayson: you'd be the one going in. Do you want? Do you want the glory, or do you want to just sort of fight?
Dylan: Hi!
Sara/Loria (she/her): The dog could always, you know, rather than being
Dylan: combat base, can always like keep him in place, you know, like, just
Dylan: grab onto his ankle or leg, and then just sort of.
Dylan: you know, wrestling and jaws, or something again. The dog can go up in flames right
Dylan: if you needed, like. An assistance is what I'm saying.
John L: I say, we try this.
John L: We send her an invisible. We're ready to go, and the moment it fails, make a noise, or if it does succeed.
John L: you'll still be notified. So either way you'll have will run in as soon as you become the
John L: become visible again.
Dylan: Yeah.
John L: non invisible. Yeah.
Dylan: And we hope our good roles will carry with us. Your first one was like when it fails, which is
Dylan: the inevitable unsuccessful aspect of our plan makes it full. Our plans are always flawless. I don't know what you're talking about. I don't know. I feel like the stairs with the grease in the trap was like peak organization, and it's all gonna be downhill like that, was it? That was as good as we were gonna do? And now from here on this like, I'll fumble, yeah, I I'm happy, cause I can see the dog is sort of just
Dylan: go go doggy.
Dylan: and I can just
Dylan: come in for an assist if we need some upfront, stabby stab.
Dylan: But I also met a gaming. Oh, did you?
Dylan: Continue recording? Tim?
Dylan: Yes, again. Thank you. Okay, the only problem was, as many gaming. Is this my sales like I beat you, no matter what plan we have. Whatever thing Tim wants to do is gonna happen. We can't plan all of the shenanigans he has planned for us. So part of me is just like
John L: damage.
John L: and we try to get his little bandalier first.
Phil Grayson: Okay? And either way, that'll still get Loria close to him for for
Sara/Loria (she/her): yeah, which I need like anything in the battle. So
Phil Grayson: before you, before you do the invisibility. Yes.
Tim Sackton: so
Sara/Loria (she/her): open
Tim Sackton: as you head down the
Tim Sackton:  so so where is everybody else? As Lauria begins to head down the the corridor.
John L: I assume we're following as close as we can to be out of sight. And
Phil Grayson: feeling something like that.
John L: Yeah, so you can rush in when needed.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, okay, so, Laura, make us stuff check with advantage.
Sara/Loria (she/her): Oh, my God. 8.
Tim Sackton:  you begin! You begin to creep forward
Tim Sackton: and
Tim Sackton:  free. Suddenly as I mean this. So all of you. Now see this as you as you approach this room. This is a
Tim Sackton: like this room is a mess right? There's a half-dozen sort of statues, and various forms of
Tim Sackton: decay and disrepair.
Tim Sackton: There is a
Tim Sackton: There's these 2 sort of more intact statues that are on on this this work bench over here, like there's what looks like this workbench that he's in front of has, like all of these little
Tim Sackton: jars and vials and powders and
Tim Sackton: everything, and and he's still muttering, but then, like strewn across the floor. was just like rubble, like shattered glasses
Tim Sackton: like discarded experiments, vials just kind of rolling around. and as you begin to creep along the side like you just
Tim Sackton: accidentally kick one of these glass vials.
So
Tim Sackton: Honey walks up.
Tim Sackton: grabs a potion off of his belt. Yowls!
Tim Sackton: I told you not to interrupt me
Tim Sackton: and roll initiative.
Sara/Loria (she/her): Sorry
John L: it's fine!
Sara/Loria (she/her): Why, let's do this so rolling
Sara/Loria (she/her): happily through initiative, too. So
Sara/Loria (she/her): well, that is 8,
Dylan: (121) 111-1111. Sorry. 18 for ace. Go
John L: 21.
Sara/Loria (she/her): I got that 9 for 9 for Lauria.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Dylan: of course you are still invisible.
Sara/Loria (she/her): Yep.
Sara/Loria (she/her): 12, 4
Tim Sackton: for Dylan.
Dylan: Yeah, no. Sorry I live in for me. Sorry.
Dylan: I played another character recently with a bit higher Dicks and I keep getting the
Tim Sackton: so
Tim Sackton: so at as this.
Tim Sackton: as he looks up and yells and like grabs this potion and begins to throw it gout, and you get the jump. You can do whatever you'd like.
John L: Hmm! Has he found the potion yet?
Tim Sackton: Nope.
John L: can I try to. Eldridge blast the potion.
Tim Sackton: Sure. it's gonna be much harder to hit than his normal A/C.
John L: And he's throwing it at where we heard a noise
John L: not entirely clear where he's throwing it out. As do we engage we're gonna continue the high-risk, high-reward approach.
John L: It's worked out so well, so far do it. Okay? So I'm gonna try to blast the potion.
Dylan: Do not fall. Yeah.
John L: Oh.
John L: oof!
Tim Sackton: Your blast flies wide just harmlessly over his hand.
Tim Sackton: smacking the back of the wall.
Tim Sackton: A scale is next
Phil Grayson:  Is this to scale at the moment?
Tim Sackton: Yup.
Phil Grayson: hmm!
Phil Grayson: I do not want to be in a group like this. So I'm gonna do. 5, 1015,
Phil Grayson: 2530. Oh, that's still not far enough. Hold on!
Phil Grayson: Believe in you. It's 10 to get through the dog right?
Tim Sackton: Tend to get through the dog.
Phil Grayson: Yeah. Sorry. I thought the dog would be best sitting
Phil Grayson: 25. Sorry I can do that.
Tim Sackton: You can do that. Yeah.
Phil Grayson: And then,
Phil Grayson: I am going to
Phil Grayson: use my
Phil Grayson: spiritual affinity, dreams
Phil Grayson: to glimpse into the dream world, seeing all possible
Phil Grayson: answers and paths forward
Dylan: and advantage. Get an advantage on my attack role.
Phil Grayson: which will be a
Phil Grayson: final spell. Slot, ray of sickness on him. Whoa! Solid one.
John L: Hmm!
Phil Grayson: Just had to believe
Phil Grayson: first, one's no good.
Phil Grayson:  second, one's a hit, probably
Tim Sackton: that's the head. Yeah.
John L: wasn't you had advantage? Yes.
Phil Grayson: and then I will see. Yes, to roll.
Phil Grayson: Yes, to roll a con. 13, or be poisoned until the end of my next turn.
Phil Grayson: And vowel's Nope.
Tim Sackton: That's a 3,
Phil Grayson: though he's poisoned, and also he's gonna take
Phil Grayson: 9. Poison damage
Tim Sackton: okay.
Tim Sackton: So this rain bursts out from a scales hand striking him, and he looks up like
Tim Sackton: potion hand angry surprised as he looks over at you.
Tim Sackton: and Gelin leaps into action.
Phil Grayson: and I'll say, Give me back my poker, winnings my face.
Phil Grayson: and then take a a cuff on the old cigarette, and that's my turn directly into the line of ocean fire. I say, don't come near me. No one in the back.
Dylan: I mean, I'll
Dylan: tell my dog to, because I guess I can't really get past, or I'll I can spit some extra move and getting past up you can. I mean you're
Tim Sackton: your dog, can
Dylan: he? He'll he'll act after my turn. But I don't mind just kind of moving a little bit forward. I'm also just thinking we probably want
Dylan: getting here to move up. So I think I'm probably just gonna have to take an L for the first
Dylan: for my first round. At least it's just fine. I'll tell Mike because it's a small card or someone had to.
Dylan: Yeah, I'll tell the dog to go after the the unfriendly one, I feel like recognizes the friendly ones. So
Dylan: yeah, I think what I could do as a prepped action is, I'll move forward with
Dylan: gayden. So like.
Dylan: that's who's that's who's in front of me. Right? Yeah.
Dylan: Yeah. So like, I'll move forward with him so I can use my movement. Some some movements be as my reaction just to come into the room a little bit more so I don't have to like didn't
Dylan: dashed. So I think I'll just move with him
Dylan: or up to my movement. Speed!
Dylan: It's my reaction. So then I believe the dog had with a 40 foot movement. We'll go 5,
Dylan: 10,
Dylan: 15,
Dylan: 20, and I like the idea. Just systematic is like the dog is doing that cool like jump over the table. Kind of thing
Dylan: not doesn't mean it has to like knock him back or anything. But just like as a cool like.
Tim Sackton: yeah leaps up over the table. I am.
or a whopping.
Dylan: 5,
5, 1515, 15 just hits just
John L: oh.
Dylan: it's been a like he. He was going for style points. So the damage grabs him. He's looking around now. He's got this potion in his hand
her
Tim Sackton: about to chuck it at some noise.
Dylan: but he's gonna turn now and throw it at the
Tim Sackton: super annoying creature that just cast this sickening spell at him.
Tim Sackton: Dexterity saving throw as this potion lands right here.
Phil Grayson: Yep.
John L: at least it's only 1% roll. Then.
it's not an attack. All
I'm gonna get hit for it.
Phil Grayson: Oh, wait! Just lucky. Maybe I should.
Phil Grayson: yeah, I'm gonna use lucky
Phil Grayson: I haven't got left for that.
Let's try that again.
Phil Grayson: Perfect. I'll get rid of 2 bad rules and then get hit for a lot of fire.
Tim Sackton: You take 12 points of fire damage as a potion explodes at your feet
and he yells.
Tim Sackton: you've ruined
everything
Dylan: good
John L: looks around.
Tim Sackton: and that's bonus action. He's going to take out of his pocket this like thick, goopy thing
Tim Sackton: and hurl it
at the statue of the Spider.
Tim Sackton: Nope, that's gonna end his term.
Laura, you're up.
Sara/Loria (she/her): you're invisible. So any attack you make has advantage.
Sara/Loria (she/her): Okay? So I'm gonna can I reach over his lab bench? If I only get to in front of it. You can reach under his lab bench for sure under his lap. So it's not like a like bolted to the floor like, no, no, it's just like a table. Basically, it's like, it's like 5 feet high. So you could stand underneath of it.
Yeah, going for the ankles is my signature. So I'm gonna run in. And then I am going to attack with
Tim Sackton: both my short swords.
Sara/Loria (she/her): Okay? First world's got advantage first with advantage.
Tim Sackton: 23 that hits
nice.
Sara/Loria (she/her): That's
Sara/Loria (she/her): 5 for that, and then my swarm is going to attack. Oh, sorry!
Oh, no, not that.
Sara/Loria (she/her): My swarm is going to attack for
Sara/Loria (she/her): another 3, and then I'm gonna go short for the other Achilles.
Tim Sackton: 16 that hits.
Tim Sackton: and that's another 7 points of damage.
Tim Sackton: He's not looking super happy with you all showing up and ruining his experiments.
Tim Sackton: That ends Laura's turn.
Kayden, you're up
John L: so
I move and
John L: bit for spacing.
John L: so somebody else can also sneak in, and I will outrage. Blast
alright
Tim Sackton:  That hits this one's aim squarely at the body this time
4 points of damage! He yells in anger as his bolt of force strikes him. and on initiative, count 20. This statue of a giant spider that he threw
this potion hat
Tim Sackton: animates and splits into about
John L: 50 tiny little spiders
that run towards gate in and swarm all over you. Did you say? 15 or 50?
Tim Sackton: It's a swarm. It's like 50 tiny little spiders.
But that's only going to be an 8 to hit
Tim Sackton:  So I think that misses you.
and that ends the spider's turn.
John L: It's still on main right? They're still crawling all over you. Yeah, yeah.
Phil Grayson: Sorry. Was that me up?
That's you up? Yup.
Phil Grayson: okay,
Phil Grayson: I will
Phil Grayson: shoot with the crossbow at the guy.
Phil Grayson: Natty was. That
Phil Grayson: that will be that. I'm going to move from everyone else and
Phil Grayson: maybe duck down behind this table if possible. Okay, that'll give you partial cover.
Tim Sackton:  so plus 2 to dexterity saving throws and attack. Yeah. And A/C.
Phil Grayson: Alright.
Phil Grayson: I say, well, now, I'll just be over here dying
Dylan: speed.
Tim Sackton:  Dylan, you're up.
Dylan: Okay. Dog will continue attacking after my 10. I moved up with Gayden when he did so. Now I have enough 5, 1015,
Dylan: 30 to get right to the back of them.
Dylan: Without having to spend any extra thing, and I'll just stab away. It's time to
Tim Sackton: go for it. Just do the things.
Dylan: Nope, not that time, and we'll miss. That's okay. We will.
Dylan: Alright
Dylan: dogs turn.
Dylan: That will miss a mess
Tim Sackton: distracted by the yeah horrid
Tim Sackton: whirring sounds of little stone or crunching sounds, little stone spiders scurrying over your friend. He turns around. Oh, Aaron
Tim Sackton: takes a potion from the bottom of his belt.
Tim Sackton: throws it the ground at its feet. and
Tim Sackton: A giant cloud of smoke appears.  A
Tim Sackton: right at his feet. heavily obscured.
Dylan:  no, no, the dog.
Tim Sackton: So that's gonna be.
Dylan: Oh.
Dylan: oh.
Tim Sackton: right there and then, since nobody can see them. So no opportunity tax, he's gonna run
Tim Sackton: here
Tim Sackton: and also
Tim Sackton: come over here. Look at a scale for a moment, also ducking behind this
Tim Sackton: bench, and just like shout at you this stream of obscenities like. what are you doing in my lair, you horrible lizard creature! Get out! Get out! Get out!
Tim Sackton: And that's gonna end his turn.
Tim Sackton: Lauria, as you start your turn in this cloud of
Tim Sackton: poisonous smoke. Make a constitution saving. Throw
Sara/Loria (she/her): 20 dirty, dirty 20.
Dylan: Okay, you are not poison. You do not take any damage. But you cannot see.
Sara/Loria (she/her): Okay, can I run blindly out of? I'm gonna run out and cover underneath the other lab bench
Sara/Loria (she/her): and then also just start slashing away the Achilles to finish the work that I started.
Sara/Loria (she/her):  okay, am I still invisible?
Tim Sackton: No. For after your first attack you, you become visible.
Sara/Loria (she/her): Okay, okay.
Sara/Loria (she/her): real flat.
Sara/Loria (she/her): Oh, no. That is
Tim Sackton: that misses. Still coughing a little bit from the after effects of this poison cloud, you slide under the bench and swing with your first sword, which ducks away from
Tim Sackton: swaying with your second sword. Yeah, which catches him.
Sara/Loria (she/her): which is
Tim Sackton: still, do your swarm damage?
Sara/Loria (she/her): Yeah. So 9 for the short sword.
Sara/Loria (she/her): and
Tim Sackton: 3 for my little fluttering birds. So as the birds fly and stabbing him, you can see he's like leaning, panting a little bit clearly, badly wounded
Tim Sackton: below, half half below. Half is health.
Tim Sackton: As he looks at you like distraught and angry as
Tim Sackton:  Dan covered in stone spiders.
John L: it might any otherwise like disadvantage other than being stone spidered.
Tim Sackton: No, they're just trying to chew on you. So in a second they're gonna attack you again, but otherwise, Nope.
Tim Sackton: they're not liking your eyes or anything.
John L:  I focus on the big batty at hand and Elders flat. Is he a disadvantage? Sorry in May app. Is he in? Cover? Your he has. He has partial cover from you, cause he's behind this bank. So plus 2 days. Lacey, okay, so. I will ask Swordburst. Try to get as many of the
John L: that's a saving throw. Which saving throw is that
John L: it's Dax.
John L: Wait! I don't know. What do you mean by sorry
John L: sword burst. Is a dex hit? PC,
Tim Sackton: yeah. Okay. So he rolled a 9 so that fail. There was a swarm roll the 9. So that fails. So how much damage does it do?
Tim Sackton: You killed about
Tim Sackton: 20% of the little stone spiders as this burst of
Tim Sackton: of stone flies out.
Tim Sackton: smashing little well puffs of
Tim Sackton: dust as a good 20% of them get
Tim Sackton: smacked by these swords as that ends your turn. And then the spider is trying chew on you.
Tim Sackton: That is going to be 16 to hit.
I hit.
Tim Sackton: Okay, so you take 10 points of piercing damage as a bunch of these little
John L: stone jaws chew on you. Sorry how much damage
Tim Sackton: 10 points of piercing damage and that and the spider's turn, Dylan, you're up or, sorry. Ace, yeah, you're up.
Phil Grayson:  still in next? Okay.
Phil Grayson: I will
Phil Grayson: take my Cross Co. And point from nearly point blank range and say, No, give me back poker wings, and I will try to hit him with better than a one this time, and I do.
Phil Grayson: Crossbow will do. Oh, good roll 11 piercing damage
Tim Sackton: he's looking. He's looking. That catches him solidly.
Tim Sackton: and he's
Tim Sackton: clearly hurt now like laboring to breathe a little bit, panting.
Tim Sackton: looking around, slightly panicked.
Tim Sackton: Perfect. II will. I will move into contact with him
Phil Grayson: alright. so that if he, if he tries to run again I've got opportunity.
Dylan: We're gonna surround him. I'm pretty sure.
Tim Sackton: Dylan make a constitution saving grow.
Dylan: hey? And just for the dog's sake, is it poison? Because I think he's immune to poison. No, you've got a plus
Tim Sackton:  So you take
you take 8 points of poison damage and you are poisoned until the start of your next turn.
Tim Sackton: Poison means I have disadvantaged all the tax and stuff things like that. Yeah.
Dylan: yeah. So the the dog is immune both from damage. Yeah. So he's fine.
Dylan: can we see out of this like, is it okay to just walk out? Let us know. Yeah, I mean you. You are aware enough of their your surroundings to know where the exits are. But you cannot see anything. Cloud. Okay, I just tell my dog to follow Dan.
Dylan: and then I'll just do what I need to, but I guess I have disadvantage. You've got disadvantage on your attack. Now, if I chose to use my last luck point
Tim Sackton: that would cancel the disadvantage. So be a straight bowl.
Dylan: Yeah. I mean.
Dylan: think I am allowed to choose it after rolling them.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, you can roll it. Yes, you could. You roll your disadvantage. If you want to use luck, you could make you just erase your disadvantage. Really, roll one more time again.
Just roll it.
Dylan: If I choose luck, then I can just use that which would definitely hit alright. Let's
Dylan: say
Dylan: yes. And so I imagine then a 18 would hit, which is great cause. Then I can do just some dam I mean. Otherwise it's gonna forget about the lock point.
Dylan: Well, oh, wow!
Dylan: Live damage! I believe if I'm not mistaken from my actions. Yeah, it's a da plus 4, right? Well, 5. There you go
Tim Sackton:  The dog still gets its turn. Yes, so now, immediately after my turn, the dog will
Dylan: follow Dad 5, 10,
Dylan: 15, and I guess 20, and he's still within 5 feet, so the dog can
Dylan: nibble away.
Dylan: Yeah, the dog is dog is
Dylan: burnt all those good rolls.
Dylan: Yeah, that is that is it, I believe?
Tim Sackton: Okay, hmm.
Tim Sackton: he
Tim Sackton: he is, he is something of a crazy person, so he is just going to take one of his
Tim Sackton: fire potions.
Tim Sackton: throw it at his feet.
John L: Everybody went out and make a dexterity saving throw.
John L: Oh, no!
Sara/Loria (she/her): I got a 9,
Dylan: hey? Dexterity, save this is with me. So I imagine that would save 16 on me that 6,
Dylan: and then dog
Dylan: what does that
Dylan: saving throws one plus? So he would have a 13.
Tim Sackton: Okay? Anybody who rolled. I didn't see what a scamrolled! Anybody who rolled a
Tim Sackton: 14 or higher takes 6 points of fire damage. Anybody who rolled below a 14 takes 12 points of fire. Damage, dog. No.
John L: take take damage as well.
Tim Sackton: He
Dylan: made it save, but he does take damage. Does take 6 damage. Nice. dog took a beating 12 damn a J.
John L: Rock row, sweet old steamp up
Dylan: 6 damage.
Tim Sackton: Sorry, Laura. Why did you roll?
Tim Sackton: Oh, I got a 9. II wasn't even close to Savior.
Tim Sackton: now
Tim Sackton: pretty hurt at this point, having just dropped a flaming potion at his feet.
He is going to
Tim Sackton:  Look around. And now take another one of these like
Tim Sackton: green gloopy potions and hurl it at the stone wasp.
Sara/Loria (she/her): Okay?
Sara/Loria (she/her): I'm gonna use up my last spell. Slot to. Oh, yeah, zephyr. Strike.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
alright. So that is.
Sara/Loria (she/her): I have advantage on my bonus attack on my short sword.
Tim Sackton: So then, Zephyr strike
Sara/Loria (she/her): takes a bonus auction. So you don't. Oh, is it? Bonus? Okay? So sorry. So I have my.
Tim Sackton: but you can. You can choose to take advantage on your
Sara/Loria (she/her): my normal attack is, gonna take advantage of my normal attack.
Sara/Loria (she/her): which is a Nat. 20 Tao
Tim Sackton: that doubles the that doubles everything. So it doubles the da
Sara/Loria (she/her): yeah, doubles the double zephyr
Tim Sackton: right? It doubles supper, it doubles the swarm and it doubles. So it's 46 plus 2D. 8
Sara/Loria (she/her): delicious wait, using 4 d. 6 plus 2D. 8.
Sara/Loria (she/her): Yeah. Cause d 6 for your long boat. D 6 for the swarm times 2 is 4 plus d. 8 for the he's got 14 hit points left.
Dylan: Pretty likely he's gonna be gone.
Sara/Loria (she/her): So 4 d. 6, 2D. 8,
Sara/Loria (she/her): 46, and 28. I've never rolled this many days before
Dylan: you deserve it.
Tim Sackton: Yup, that is going to finish him off.
Tim Sackton: Good! So, standing here
Tim Sackton: you swing and hemp! Cut him down. and he bends down to one knee as your swarm of birds just warms down on top of him.
Tim Sackton: breaking him as he falls backwards.
Tim Sackton: falling on the ground.
Tim Sackton: potions rolling from his body.
Tim Sackton: As Gordon is still surrounded by a swarm of
Sara/Loria (she/her): stone spiders. Oh, yeah, sorry, Gaddaf.
John L:  And there's that wasp thing
John L: right? So the goo is like working on the stone wasp right now.
Tim Sackton: Yup.
John L:  is. The storm was susceptible to force
John L: like in the stone mode.
Tim Sackton: Possibly.
John L: I make a
Tim Sackton: make. Just a straight intelligence check
John L: very intelligent.
Tim Sackton: I mean.
Tim Sackton: force breaks things.
John L: Stop.
John L: I will. Can I like?
John L: What can I do to attack the things on top of me?
John L: I can't like Eldred's blast myself. Right?
Tim Sackton: I mean, they're swarming around the ground at your feet, too. You cannot just blast them.
John L: Okay, so I will just Eldridge glass them.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Sara/Loria (she/her): Got it
Tim Sackton: like more than like 2 thirds of the remaining spiders. Just get shattered as this last, of course.
Tim Sackton: cracks a bunch of them, and then the remaining ones try and bite you, but there's not enough of them to get past your armor.
Tim Sackton: But the wasp does appear.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, where's my token for that?
Tim Sackton: this stone wasp
Tim Sackton:  buzzing out
Tim Sackton: wise towards
Tim Sackton: well, a scale, I guess, is the closest obvious target.
Tim Sackton: and takes a swing at you with its stinger, which is a 15 to hit.
Phil Grayson: That's my A/C
Tim Sackton: that hits. You take
Tim Sackton: 4 points of piercing damage, and
Tim Sackton: as there's still some of this goo dripping on its stinger. Make a constitution saving throw.
Phil Grayson: Okay?
Phil Grayson: Good.
Tim Sackton: You take
Tim Sackton: 9 points of poison damage
Phil Grayson: ace scale goes down
Tim Sackton: a scale begins to
Tim Sackton: stiffen
Tim Sackton: and turned to stone.
Tim Sackton:  That ends the wasps. Turn.
Tim Sackton: That is a scales turn. Make another constitution saving throw.
Phil Grayson: I'm down
Tim Sackton: right where you're not. Actually, you're stable, but you're turning to st10, the the poison damage doesn't. It's a special poison. If it reduces you to 0 hit points. You're stable, but you begin to turn to stone. All right, let's go.
Phil Grayson: So I guess I can say that I've got successes on my
Phil Grayson: death save you don't have to roll death save you're considered stable.
Phil Grayson: Okay? So I've had 3 successes then for the purpose of D and D beyond exactly.
Phil Grayson: But I may also stone now.
Dylan: but we could heal him and his. Now. you know, like, if I kill.
Phil Grayson: I think so.
Tim Sackton: You have to fail to. You have to fail to save. This is slower poison than the other one. You have to 0 at poison. But you can see the stone from where the stinger was beginning to like creep over a skill's body, and he is stiff, standing there
Tim Sackton: like unable to move, as like you see where his scales are. Suddenly there's like this like little bits of stone starting to creep over him. He fail. One more save you are petrified off him, but he's at 0. HP,
Tim Sackton: mechanically, this poison works differently. If he's ke if you heal him above 0. HP, he stops turning the stone.
Sara/Loria (she/her): I was gonna heal him. Okay, great
Tim Sackton: it's still a drop.
Dylan: Can I go? This is not the same as the as the basilis poison. This is a different poison. Can I go this way over the
Dylan: dead man's body. Oh, yeah, you can step over his body.
Dylan: I tell my dog to go for the bug. Oh.
Dylan: and I will use my last spell slot for a cure. Wounds on our friend here
Dylan: feel free to roll it. The d. 8 plus 3.
Phil Grayson: Okay.
Dylan: I believe in you.
Phil Grayson: I believe in myself.
Tim Sackton: So even so as
Tim Sackton: as a Dylan touches you, and you begin to the magic crosses through your body, you can see this stone fade away.
Tim Sackton: and you
Tim Sackton: you're still restrained until the start of your next turn. But you are no longer at 0 hit points, and you are no longer turning to stone.
Dylan: Amazing. That's what I had.
Sara/Loria (she/her): No dog misses. And now is dog dies.
Sara/Loria (she/her): Okay, dog is done. Dog is done. Okay, so
do I know how well Gadden's doing with the spiders?
Tim Sackton: It looks like I don't know. 80% of this little swarm has been crushed by his last
John L: force blast. So I'm focused on the wasp. I'm I'm okay, like, I'm like.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, I'm annoyed at this point. Can I hit the wasp? If it is flying like, am I tall enough to hit it?
Tim Sackton: Yeah, it's I mean, it just swooped down to stab a scale. So it's not high in the sky. I mean, you might have to stand on your tiptoes. But
Sara/Loria (she/her): just kind of like, wave in there. Okay, I'm gonna attack with my short sword.
Sara/Loria (she/her): Okay?
And nineteenth. that hits.
Sara/Loria (she/her): That's 80, that's a 4 for that. And then my swarm of birds
Sara/Loria (she/her): is gonna do 4.
Sara/Loria (she/her): And then I'm gonna attack with my second short sword
with a sixteenth
Sara/Loria (she/her): that hits.
Tim Sackton: and that does 8 damage with the second sword. That's that second strike like the stone cracks.
and this wasp is clearly badly hurt.
Tim Sackton: Gaiden, you're up!
John L: I see the wasp as it is hurt, and want to finish it off.
John L: Aldridge. Blast that just misses.
Tim Sackton: dodges away as your blast
Tim Sackton: strikes
John L: harmlessly against its stone body is made. Hand a bonus action.
Tim Sackton: Nope, that's an action
Tim Sackton: that
Tim Sackton: remaining spiders can't get any purchase on you. There's so few of them left.
Tim Sackton:  But the wasp
Tim Sackton: just gonna go back to trying to finish off a scale.
Phil Grayson: Oh, no, why not?
John L: That hits?
Tim Sackton: So you take
Tim Sackton: 3 points of piercing damage, and you have to make another constitution saving, throw
Phil Grayson: well, this one will work. I have. Faith.
Phil Grayson: Nope.
Phil Grayson: it really wants to put me to stone this thing, man.
Phil Grayson: 3 or 4 rules under 5.
Dylan: I try. Yeah, that's
Tim Sackton: What is that? 5, 3, one. That's a 9 points of poison damage
Phil Grayson: I'm under again.
Dylan: Turning back to stone, I tried, I tried. I gave. I gave you one
Tim Sackton:  a scale is now turning back to stones and making it the Constitution saving throw
Phil Grayson: alright
Tim Sackton: still, not
Tim Sackton: How's the 130, there you go! But these are 11. You've been rolling very poorly. I've been rolling just terribly so. Am I at 0 now? Stable. So you're stable at 0 hit points. You're no longer target step.
Phil Grayson: Okay, but they got it still stable.
Phil Grayson: like I had been. Spare the dying
Tim Sackton: exactly exactly like you had been. Spare the dime.
Phil Grayson: Okay.
Tim Sackton: Dylan, you're up
Dylan: alrighty. Can we just kill the wasp?
Dylan: I think you can do it.
Tim Sackton: It only has 8 hit points left.
Dylan: I know it's a little
Tim Sackton: I have faith in you.
Dylan: I the dog, is needing to pull its own weight today. He definitely has had a good time, so I'll attack with my sword standard. And that would be, yeah, yeah, so that's me attacking. And this would be a, was it? 3, 7? Okay.
Sara/Loria (she/her): got it? Okay?
Tim Sackton: Is good job, Steve Pop.
Tim Sackton: In the interest of time Lauria and Gadden are easily able to do the remaining 4, 3 hit points of damage needed to crush the last stone spiders before they attack again.
John L: and you find yourself now standing
in Grimstones. a chemical laboratory of some kind.
Yes, I'm looking for any signs of
Dylan: the real steam hub that could be.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: there's 2 other passageways you haven't explored yet.
Here, however, you see
Tim Sackton: quite a number of
Tim Sackton: like our chemical ingredients. There's potions in various states of completion.  There's notes kind of scattered around.
Tim Sackton: All the statues now are totally smashed after you smashed the 2 intact ones.
Phil Grayson: so is scale lying unconscious on the ground.
Phil Grayson: says, Who who are any of these healing potions?
Tim Sackton:  Some of them do look like Healy cushions.
If one of the
Sara/Loria (she/her): more people in this party could tell me what a healing potion looks like, I would like to refer to a scale.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, you can definitely find a healing person things that look healing potion.
Dylan: It's important. It's unfortunate. The guy who would probably be. I identify the potions. The most is the one primary colors, and being like this looks like help. And then, just like
Tim Sackton: as as you pick up the potion, just roll a d. 4, please.
as I do. Oh, no!
Sara/Loria (she/her): And then roll the roll, the healing.
3 on the d. 4. Okay.
Sara/Loria (she/her): And then what would be the alien for I don't know what I'm doing.
Tim Sackton: A person of healing is, I think.
Phil Grayson: 3, 4, 2,
Dylan: 2, d. 4, plus 2,
Sara/Loria (she/her): 2D. 4 plus 2.
So 6 total.
Tim Sackton: Okay, as you
Tim Sackton: feed this potion to a scale, a scale, you start
John L: choking on the poisoned drink that you are fed. Oh, no!
Sara/Loria (she/her): Oh, make a oh, sorry. Okay,
Phil Grayson: I make a concept.
Yeah.
Phil Grayson: Okay.
Sara/Loria (she/her): okay. So
you still take
Tim Sackton: 6 poison damage, which just, I guess, sets you from stable to unstable poison.
Tim Sackton:  Somebody will have to think quick to do something to stabilize you.
Dylan: You're probably the only one who has medicine proficiency right?
Tim Sackton: Exactly the right. The worst person to be unconscious in this situation.
Tim Sackton: make an arc make a arkana check. Actually.
like I'm not potion, savvy? But maybe
25. Look at that! So.
Tim Sackton: looking at the potion that
Tim Sackton: was just fed to a scale, and
the 3 remaining healing potions. you notice that one of them.
Tim Sackton: one of the 3 remaining just has this like. So there's something subtly off about it. It doesn't quite look right. You're not trained as an alchemist, but
Tim Sackton: you have enough, like artificial background, to realize that
Tim Sackton: one of the other 3 is probably also poison. But as far as you can tell. The other 2 are probably safe.
hey?
Tim Sackton: So while I'm doing that, go ahead and make a death saving throw. So
Dylan: there's 3, and I know one of them is good.
Tim Sackton: 2 of them are good, and one of them looks poison. One of them
Tim Sackton: you already fed him one of the poison potions.
Dylan: also, the other 2 are probably good. There's what looks not good, and 2 that look good. Okay, ie. How do you do the depth save on here?
Tim Sackton: Just roll a d 20.
Phil Grayson: Okay.
Tim Sackton: it shouldn't. It shouldn't matter, though, because
Tim Sackton: that was a good enough archonic Jack that you do know. Okay, I got one fail
Dylan: which does, in fact, turn out to be a healing potion.
John L: Oh.
Dylan: I got a I got a B minus in in potions, so I'm glad I
Tim Sackton: just scraping by on your like half remembered potion more
Tim Sackton: so that twod 4 plus 2. So for
Phil Grayson: I say, what a ride!
Phil Grayson: Please don't go under again.
Dylan: label things please. I generally enjoy being stoned much more than that. This is not ideal.
Sara/Loria (she/her): So, looking around a scale, you
Tim Sackton:  can quickly, with your alchemist training.
Tim Sackton: Discern that, indeed! Yes, one of the 2 remaining healing potions is clearly poisoned.
Tim Sackton: and there are
Tim Sackton: 4, 5 more potions.
Tim Sackton: one of which looks like it was mixed wrong. and would probably explode or do something bad if you tried to drink it.
Tim Sackton: But the other 4 are
Tim Sackton: look pretty safe and just based on your alchemist background. 2 of them are clearly anti-petrification.
Tim Sackton: so they'll reverse petrification
Phil Grayson: if applied within an hour of when somebody turns this down.
Tim Sackton: one is.
Phil Grayson: go ahead. One is a potion of growth
Phil Grayson: which makes you big for an hour.
Tim Sackton: and one's a portion of advantage which gives you advantage on one role within an hour of drinking it, and there's still one portion of healing.
Phil Grayson: and you also find
Tim Sackton: a recipe.
Tim Sackton: It looks like research notes or something for a glowing poison
Tim Sackton: which lets you make a
Tim Sackton: dose of poison if you have raw materials worth 250 gold in an hour of time. and anybody who is poisoned by this poison
Tim Sackton:  has to make a constitution saving throw
Tim Sackton: with your spell, DC.
Tim Sackton: And if they fail, they shed bright light in a 10 foot radius and dim light for an additional 10 feet.
Tim Sackton: giving advantage on all attack roles against the poisoned creature. and preventing them from benefiting from invisibility until the 8 h are up.
Tim Sackton: But it takes time to make.
Tim Sackton: There is also, like, you know.
Tim Sackton: probably at least 50 gold worth of
Tim Sackton: powdered gemstones of powdered stone, of alchemical supplies, just kinds of raw ingredients for concocting various elixirs
Tim Sackton: and hidden away on a bench. There is a vial of oil of slipperiness.
Tim Sackton: So anybody who wants to take any treasure can.
Dylan:  I mean, take note. I feel like the alchemists probably gonna be the most excise over all those potions. At least, Laurie, I might like a potion of growth
Dylan: kind of fun.
John L: slide under tables. maps, or things on logistics of like, how is he getting supplies and anything like that that could be of note for David?
Tim Sackton: Not in this room.
Sara/Loria (she/her): Yeah, I think we need to go look in the other rooms.
John L: Is this a good time for a short rest
could be?
Tim Sackton: No, I mean, it's like it's like
Tim Sackton: 2 in the afternoon. Now, as far as you know, nobody is coming
any times, I mean tomorrow.
Tim Sackton: supposedly as one of these, you know, rituals where
Grimstone comes up and like takes a victim. But
Tim Sackton: nobody comes down here like the tracks you saw before suggested, only, like, you know, one or 2 people ever regularly came down here.
John L: So I say, we short rest just in case get some hit points back. I get my spells back just in case there's something there. Long rest, and everyone could have everything back. And then we could try and run out before morning, basically like when people would normally be asleep.
Tim Sackton: it would be nighttime. Well, you can only benefit from one long rest every 24 h. So you have to wait 16 h after you've finished your last one.
Tim Sackton: So if you long rest you could. But you you'd have to wait till
you'd have to wait till night.
Phil Grayson: We'd be dealing with people in the morning.
Tim Sackton: I mean, you got a pretty early last this morning, right? Because you started your rest pretty early last night. So yeah, you could be up at 4 in the morning easily. Okay, so definitely. A short rest, a short rest now and then, probably a long one after we've maybe scoped out the other 2.
John L: Now I know how short rest works
Sara/Loria (she/her): right. But remember, if you only have 3 hit dates. So if you use.
Tim Sackton: you only get to use those many hit places you didn't use last short rest.
John L: Oh, did not realize that
Tim Sackton: you still get your spouse back if you're a warlock.
Yes.
Dylan: for the short rest. Sorry, since we're level 3. Do we? Can we use 2
Dylan: hit die, or is it? Only it just depends on how many you use the last short rest. So if you use
Tim Sackton: 0, the last short rest you can use up to 3 hit die.
Dylan: and then is, do you? Plus the con modifier? It's plus con as well for each one. So each one is for each one. Yeah. okay, I will use one and maybe 2. Let's have a look. So for
Dylan: artificial is my hit dive or not, it's should be one d. 8 plus your con d 8 plus
Dylan: 2.
Let me just do.
Dylan: I will be fine with,
Dylan: 10
gonna be bold enough.
Dylan: So I guess we're looking down the other whole ways right?
Tim Sackton: Yeah. So west or east first.
Sara/Loria (she/her): Oh. Wes.
Tim Sackton: so creeping down this hallway. There's
Tim Sackton: no
Tim Sackton: light, there's no sign of any noise. There doesn't seem to be anybody here.
Tim Sackton: but as you
Tim Sackton: inch your way down this passageway, you come to a small room.
Tim Sackton: maybe 20 foot by 20 foot with a crude bed. and
Tim Sackton: just scattered across a rickety table.
Tim Sackton: hundreds of little scattered papers and notes and maps, and just like.
Tim Sackton: you know, things with all sorts of stuff sketched on them.
Tim Sackton: There's
Tim Sackton:  a whole set of notes about baselists how to catch and keep them.
Tim Sackton: Many, many like sort of half sketched out alchemical formula, and most of this seems to be sort of unhinged ranting about something called the prime arcana stone, or the stone of the prime, which is
Tim Sackton: a mystical substance, that when pattern allows the creation of particularly powerful potions and elixirs. and it's like.
Tim Sackton: you know, transmutation of flesh and body is the essence of flesh. Stone from magic is magic. Blah blah blah.
Tim Sackton: The living stone must be the answer, and as you spend some time
Tim Sackton: reading, flipping through these, you get the sense that somehow Grimstone thought that if you petrified the right person
Tim Sackton: they would become this Primarkana stone.
Tim Sackton: There's a bunch of notes like maybe Medusa layers, and like no, the stone is too old and too decayed
Tim Sackton: need fresh stone.
Tim Sackton: all just kind of scribbled around. You see a map that shows this place circled and marked with a little Medusa next to it. and like a check and underline.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton:  nothing really about like the logistics of how he
Tim Sackton: manage the hobgoblins or anything like that. But
Tim Sackton: the unhinged rantings of
Tim Sackton: somebody who was convinced that the more people he turned to stone, the closer he was to immortality.
Dylan: There's no other exit or anything to that particular room.
Tim Sackton: Nope, there's a unlocked chest with
Tim Sackton: close maintain personal goods, but nothing else.
Sara/Loria (she/her): Yes, to the East, then. Yeah, I guess if there's nothing else in that room of note.
Tim Sackton: So as you
Tim Sackton: creep down to this room, you see first of all, you see, Pikeia, your dog, the flesh version of your dog tied up in this chamber.
Dylan: the reunite reunited.
Tim Sackton: and there are 2 chests
Tim Sackton: pushed up against the wall here, amid like what looks like.
Used to be some storeroom, or some.
Tim Sackton: you know, some were where a bunch of stuff was stored, where, like. you know, barrels of flour and bolts of cloth and wine and stuff, but this has all been smashed, and it's just like rotted wood and and sort of everything's been
Tim Sackton: cleared away to make space for these 2 chests that are pushed up against the wall.
Sara/Loria (she/her): I would like to open, and
Dylan: I'm too busy with my dog. Nothing else.
Sara/Loria (she/her): It is fair.
John L: Keiko and steel keiko.
Tim Sackton: which which chest would you like to open
Sara/Loria (she/her): the one on the left.
Sara/Loria (she/her): and how they're oriented
Tim Sackton: the one on the left? Okay, it seems
to be locked.
It doesn't immediately open.
Phil Grayson: We didn't check the guy's corpse, did. We? Didn't check for for keys in his pockets. You did not check the guy's corpse. Oh, back and check the guy's corpse.
John L: and I'll run back and
Phil Grayson: I'll go. I'll go with him just in case it's reanimated, or something. It's stone. It's like
John L: like pat down the body.
Tim Sackton: It's there, is there? He has a pouch that does have a key.  and
a like a little small book. like.
Tim Sackton: almost like a small prayer book
that's written.
Tim Sackton:  seems to be like I don't know what
what languages do you speak?
Dylan: Speak? That's jaconic, isn't it?
Tim Sackton: No lizard folk is different from Dakar. Nobody's. It's it's written in
Tim Sackton: you. I guess you would recognize the language. As for Connect, but it's not a language that anybody reads. Oh, I will cast. Comprehend language. Okay.
Dylan: of course. This is take that. It's a. It's a small book that's called like the way of the stone.
Tim Sackton: and as you flip through it with comprehend, languages like this is like
Tim Sackton: this looks like some.
Tim Sackton: It's old. This book is probably at least a hundred years old. It's fragile as you flip through it, and it's been well read like pages are marked small, and it's really cramped writing.
Tim Sackton: But this again seems to be like this whole story of the Primarkana, and it talks about
Tim Sackton: how you can achieve, how you can make potion of invulnerability, how you can make a potion of immortality that resets that regenerates you 10 years potion of a youth.
Tim Sackton: All of these things can be constructed if you can only figure out how to make
Tim Sackton: the primary.
Tim Sackton: and it's just like a list of like 50 different things. You could make recipes for each one in this very
Tim Sackton: cribbed small handwriting
Tim Sackton: and a lot of ingredients don't make sense. They're things like, you know.
Tim Sackton: The the tears
Tim Sackton: of
Tim Sackton: a ship at sea collected in moonlight.
Tim Sackton: but then every single one has, like a. you know, add a pinch of the primark on.
Sara/Loria (she/her): Hmm.
Tim Sackton: Seems to be something that have been
Phil Grayson: good. Sorry. Go ahead.
Phil Grayson: II was just gonna say, I'm worried that a scale would start to get like a little curious about it. At this point
Phil Grayson: I'm here just for my poker winnings. But this is a really nice lab and
Phil Grayson: man a mortality that could be worth a lot. I bet I could sell that for a lot of money. And well, we've already got all these statues here. And the
Dylan: it could be the new. There's gonna be the new
Phil Grayson: yeah.
Phil Grayson: how does the how does the mask fit? Is it a good? It's my snout in the way. What's the deal? It's a little small for you.
Sara/Loria (she/her): Man. Okay, I can't do it. Then it was worth a shot, though.
Tim Sackton: Once you unlock the chest.
it has
Dylan: 244 gold pieces, including a scale's poker winnings. Thank you.
Tim Sackton: A ring of bird calls
Tim Sackton: birds a die that seems
strangely weighted.
Phil Grayson:  Is that someone that could be useful?
Alright. it's none of yours.
Phil Grayson: Well, as a gambler, I may try to give that a roll or 2.
Sara/Loria (she/her): Okay.
Tim Sackton: it feels
heavier in hand as you roll it, and like you can almost
Tim Sackton: feel you can almost feel it as you roll it like in your mind. You can see it clicking around all
besides, and as it stops you see a second before it stops. What the number is
Sara/Loria (she/her): I can't imagine why this would be handy at all, and I just pocket it.
Tim Sackton: There are. There's a necklace of pearls.
probably worth a good chunk of money.
Tim Sackton:  There's a small silver decanter
Tim Sackton: also, probably worth a good chunk of money that has a nice decoration of a stag standing in a glade.
Tim Sackton:  And there's 6 wooden goblets, each with 2 very small pieces of turquoise set into them. I mean, these are basically the nicer stuff stolen from various
Tim Sackton: merchant
freighter caravans over the
Tim Sackton: years over the months. Oh, and there's a. There's a small handful, probably 6 small garnet gemstones.
John L: Let's
John L: split it up amongst all of us, plus we take our original possessions. If they're here.
Dylan: I slipped the ring onto my finger before a scale can see it.
I could double that in a day.
Sara/Loria (she/her): Yeah, man, people bet on bird calls all the time.
Sara/Loria (she/her): Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Yeah. So that was the chest. The one chest
Dylan: case number 2.
Sara/Loria (she/her): Lauren got a ring has no interest in opening any other desk. She's at a bad day.
Sara/Loria (she/her): 2 dogs sniffs.
Tim Sackton: It doesn't smell like anything weird.
John L: II can open it with made chains as we step away.
John L: just in case there's something.
John L: So we all back away
John L: very carefully, slowly opens the lid
Tim Sackton: as the lid opens. You see a row of teeth
Tim Sackton: springs forward, trying to bite this invisible hand
Phil Grayson: out. You've been calling mimic since the first minute
Tim Sackton: I am like I find a piece of paper and write like mimic. Can I put it like near, quickly back, away from it.
Tim Sackton: It was very slowly easy for you to escape
John L: cool. Yeah. No dogs out.
so
you rest. recover.
and
Tim Sackton: find yourself early in the morning.
Tim Sackton: What creeping out of the manner before anybody is awake?
Sara/Loria (she/her): What's your what's your like epilogue of of
what's happening as you leave and return to
wherever you're returning to.
John L: Well, my character has been inspired by the
John L: the century, the location of all the the pirate paraphernalia and kind of like hub of pirates.
John L: and this will be kind of impacting some of his business
John L: adventures.
Tim Sackton: So
Tim Sackton: I guess I'm thinking, given that it's, you know, 20 min or so till 25 min till end, rather than
Tim Sackton: playing out hob goblins, which seems sort of boring at this stage. Just give you each few minutes to
Tim Sackton: narrate like your character's future from here.
So you sneak out
Dylan: past the hobgoblins.
Tim Sackton: who are in a tizzy, having noticed the
Tim Sackton: 8 dead hob goblins and
Tim Sackton: quite angry.
Tim Sackton: but don't notice you as you
Tim Sackton: creep out past the
Tim Sackton: from the
Tim Sackton: you know, back way, slipping over the wall. The goblins seem to have fled as soon as the hob goblins
Tim Sackton: As soon as everybody, as soon as they realize that Grimstone wasn't coming out for the normal Sunday morning, ritual goblins took off.
Tim Sackton: pop, goblins got mad, and you escape in the chaos.
Tim Sackton: Good thanks.
Tim Sackton: On the road down from these mountains into the valley.
Tim Sackton: You
Tim Sackton: say your goodbyes. Make plans
Tim Sackton: split up your treasure. I'll just give everybody like a minute to
Tim Sackton: wrap up their character's story. However they want.
Dylan: Do we do we get a grey, a greystone Sto scale room scale as he. Then you, then, you boss, I yeah, I don't think I'm going back there
Phil Grayson: But I do have a nice set of alchemy equipment and some new skills that I didn't have going in. So I've definitely got a 9 to 5 lined up. I think I can probably start a little potion store.
Phil Grayson: but I I take probably like half of my loot.
Phil Grayson: and then divide it up between the 3 of you I was. I am like playing with the die that I grabbed, and I was like this has got to be worth somewhere in the realm of via this. And II wanna make sure that I'm on the good side of luck and Karma. So I say, thank you all for for the help.
Phil Grayson: it was lovely to meet you, and I hope this serves you all well.
Phil Grayson: going forward. I'm gonna I'm gonna play a little double or nothing with this dye, I think, from time to time, so that the dye works. I'm sure it'll never come up, but it works
Tim Sackton: the minute it leaves your hand. You know what number it's gonna roll. So
Phil Grayson: yeah, so I'll get people pick a number between one and 6. And I'll tell you if this is gonna be higher or lower when I roll it and they bet on it. Yeah.
Phil Grayson:  yeah, I think that's that's probably a scale a little bit. Little bit of gambling and a little bit of 9 to 5 potion crafting.
Phil Grayson: It's gonna start a flight school.
Tim Sackton: a a very slow flight school. Exactly. Yeah.
John L: Sure.
John L: Gayden his first real adventure as a warlock. So he is gained a lot of experience in deception.
John L: and some of his newfound
John L: ability to kind of manipulate and navigate situations, and
John L: has kind of kept track of the the rich history of pirates and secret passages in this area.
John L: and
John L: is kind of intrigued about the the network and probably be snooping around this area, figuring out what he can learn from what was going on here. For his smuggling.
Tim Sackton: One of the maps had a bunch of pirate old pirate hideouts marked on it. So
Dylan: guess, Dylan, now that he has the ability to create another dog was so such distraught from losing, one was able to create another. And now he can go back to wondering the wilderness. But now, with 2 dogs looking for a place to settle down. But maybe the wildness is where he feels the most comfortable because it's with his his 2 pets.
Dylan: Maybe a third is on the way.
Dylan: Yeah, I just like the idea. You just kinda goes off like and stuff, but into it was exploring the area already. And I think kind of
Dylan: yeah enjoys the exploration aspect. But I mean. it's 2 dogs, but one lit but one of them you don't have to feed
Dylan: right. That's true. It's efficiency.
Dylan: Cheapest dog ownership I've ever seen cheap.
Sara/Loria (she/her): I think that Lauria, now that she has her ring of bird calls is
John L: he's
she parts ways, apologizing for her
Sara/Loria (she/her): somewhat feeble spirit in the face of adversity. And knowing that this isn't really her path, this this whole combat thing, unless she's like forced into it.
Sara/Loria (she/her): She
Sara/Loria (she/her): decide to set off back south again. Try to find the King more of us, and to see if she can be admitted to it, and as she walks down like a very soft boot
Sara/Loria (she/her): of owls as she goes, and her little birds fly around her
Sara/Loria (she/her): go off, and she sort of almost disappears in a little bit of a flurry of wings.
Sara/Loria (she/her): Alfred Hitchcock. Much like
Dylan: that's cool.
Tim Sackton: perfect, great ending.
John L: And Laura was pretty. I mean, you had a few crucial natural 20. S. Yeah.
Sara/Loria (she/her): Yeah. But like she didn't want to. It was all like and then, just like it happened, I think you could have had the highest like dps like it really seemed like you really like
Tim Sackton: laying on it. Pretty convenient welding is.
Sara/Loria (she/her): Do like, do it? Welding ranges are pretty good. We'll make this fun. This is the first time I've done
John L: like 2 weapon fighting
Sara/Loria (she/her): that that is.
Sara/Loria (she/her): that with the swarm aspect of it really way more damage than I was expecting.
Sara/Loria (she/her): But I can't imagine like it.
Sara/Loria (she/her): Yeah, right? Exactly. It was all it was all reaction, and then, like 2 swords came out of nowhere.
Dylan: Thank you, Tim, I mean, and then to put that on for us. But you did.